# nova-i18n「目录里有、源码里仍是裸字面量」基线（`nova-i18n lint --update-baseline` 生成）。
                 # 每行一条已进 en 目录、但调用点没被 rewrite 改成 LANG 的句子。多数是有意留给反查
                 # 路径的（speak 词池 / examine 累加器 / desc 变量）；CI 只对**不在此表**的新增失败 ——
                 # 那通常意味着上游把消息挪进了 rewrite 不认识的 sink，译文会永远查不到调用点。
 A MAXIMUM priority request like this is nothing to balk at. You should probably stamp this.
 A worker at the Port is inspired by your determination, and joins your crew!
 Administrators have been informed.
 As you read further, you realize something strange with the results -- The epicenter doesn't seem to be correct.
 Avoid civilian casualties when possible.
 But your crew's chance of reaching Orion is so slim the changelings likely avoided your ship...
 By the looks of it, there's nothing out of the ordinary here besides a high-priority request for a second engine.
 Charges by the second, though all costs are waived on red alert.
 Checking the logs, you notice the energy output and engine temperature spike dramatically, and shortly after, the surrounding department appears to be depressurized by an unknown force.
 Clearly the station's engineering department was testing an experimental engine setup, and had to use the air in the nearby rooms to help cool the engine. Totally.
 DISCLAIMER: The offer will expire once the creature is returned to the station.
 Damn, that's impressive stuff. You should probably stamp this.
 Deep-fried to perfection.
 Despite how disorganized the documents are, they're all appropriately filled in. You should probably stamp this.
 Do your best to help the station.
 Everything checks out. You should probably stamp this.
 Follow orders given to you by your squad leader.
 Happy golden anniversary!
 Honh honh honh!
 If your math is correct, this explosion didn't happen at the station's ordnance site, it occured in the station's engine room.
 Ignoring treatment may lead to death!
 It also comes with a set of Kheiral Cuffs to extend the range of sensors.
 It appears to be pulsing with a warm pink light.
 It emanates a divine aura that defies souls tainted by darker forces.
 It feels easier to enter, now.
 It has an emblazoned Nanotrasen logo on it.
 It looks sticky.
 It looks tight.
 It looks very tight.
 It seems dry.
 It seems flaccid.
 It seems to be a standard check-in message, reporting that the station is functioning at optimal efficiency.
 It smells strange...
 It's a secret!
 It's been grilled.
 It's been heavily grilled.
 It's been lightly fried in a deep fryer.
 It's been lightly grilled.
 It's bright and dripping with arousal.
 It's fully erect.
 It's glistening with arousal.
 It's partially erect.
 La la la la la funiculi funicula!
 Lead your squad to ensure the completion of the mission. Board the shuttle when your team is ready.
 Looks like a nearby station has sent in a MAXIMUM priority request for coal, in seemingly ridiculous quantities.
 Mamma-mia! That's a spicy meat-ball!
 Must exit to let watchdog reboot...
 NOTE: This Destroy() was called with force == TRUE. This instance will be deleted and replaced with a new one.
 NT Sanctioned Psykers proudly confirm reports that nobody died this shift!
 On the bottle is a picture of a kitsune with nine touchable tails.
 Or at least, that's what it should be. <i>Somebody</i> must have set a variable incorrectly.
 P.S. External organs such as tails, snouts, etc still work fine.
 Patient either has no blood, or does not require it to function.
 Patient is currently bleeding!
 Ravioli, ravioli, give me the formuoli!
 Regardless, the autopsy results look like they could be useful. You should probably stamp this.
 Regardless, they're still perfectly usable test results. You should probably stamp this.
 Repackaged with a wound stabilization-focused loadout.
 Repackaged with improved medical supplies.
 Repackaged with station-standard medical supplies.
 Requires research to unlock.
 SS13 can now drink!
 SS13 can now go home and be a family man!
 SS13 can now rent a car!
 SS13 can now run for President of the United States!
 SS13 can now start thinking about retirement!
 SS13 can now suffer a midlife crisis!
 SS13 is now legal!
 SS13 is now old enough to drive!
 Skipping to the end of the report reveals that the specimen was the station bartender's pet monkey.
 Source qdeleting at the time.
 Stasis may be effective in slowing (or even stopping) degradation.
 Targetable by contractors.
 Targetable by heretics.
 The 'priority request reason' field is scribbled out, but a note in the margins reads 'we just want to try two engines, don't worry about it'.
 The document requests that you review a conduct report submitted by the lawyer of the station.
 The documents are an unsigned correspondence from the captain's desk of a nearby station.
 The documents detail the results of a standard ordnance test that occured on a nearby station.
 The message repeatedly asserts that the engine is functioning 'perfectly fine' and is generating 'buttloads' of power.
 The nipples seem hard, perky and are leaking milk.
 The papers are a mess of shipping order paperwork. There's no rhyme or reason to how these documents are sorted at all.
 The shuttle will be delayed by three minutes.
 The specimen had been exposed to radiation during an 'unrelated incident with the engine', leading to its mutated form.
 The stack of documents appears to be a medical report from a nearby station, detailing the autopsy of an unknown xenofauna.
 The stack of documents is related to a civil case being processed by a neighboring installation.
 The surface of the shard shines with glimpses of things which never were, yet have always been.
 Their nipples look hard and perky.
 There seems to be another card stuck to it...pretty soundly.
 These papers are a power output report from a neighboring station. It details the power output and other engineering data regarding the station during a typical shift.
 They are small and flat, however.
 This feels like the crate we're looking for!
 This is hard to get right in these conditions...
 This is practically impossible in these conditions...
 This model is highly advanced and capable of compressing items, making mail's storage space comparable to standard backpack.
 This model is the most advanced and capable of performing crazy bluespace compressions, making mail's storage space comparable to bluespace backpack.
 This one has blue, yellow, green, and white flowers.
 This one has red, blue, purple, and pink flowers.
 This one has red, yellow, and white flowers.
 This one has yellow, green, and white flowers.
 This one is in a bright red color.
 This one is in a bright yellow color.
 This one is in a citrus orange color.
 This one is in a grassy green color.
 This one is in a midnight black color.
 This one is in a pure white color.
 This one is in a soothing blue color.
 This one is in a vibrant purple color.
 This one is noticeably smooth, and would lack any non-hissing lisps if used.
 This one is painted in blue and white.
 This one is spent.
 This one looks a bit sus...
 This one sports a nifty science paintjob, but is otherwise normal.
 This procedure can only be performed once per organ.
 What a bunch of crap, the security team were clearly just doing what they had to. You should probably stamp this.
 What a klutz!
 Yet another foray by the Wizard Federation into the dangerous field of soul magic.
 You almost had it, though.
 You are more fragile in this form.
 You are stronger in this form.
 You begin scanning over the document. This is a standard Nanotrasen NT-435Z3 form used for requests to Central Command.
 You can faintly make out the word 'Hemopagopril' was once scribbled on it.
 You can feel unholy energies trying to tear something away from you.
 You have been killed by your death degradation, which prevents you from returning to your body or even being revived. You may roleplay this however you wish - this death may be temporary, permanent - you may or may not appear in soulcatchers - it's all up to you.
 You have reasonable suspicion there may be a changeling. Some menu options have been changed.
 You have to be in the current round at some point to have one.
 You probably shouldn't use it unless you're trying to catch a zipzap.
 You're not sure if making this out of a carton was the brightest idea.
 Your bible will heal the loser for awhile.
'Drones' are the engineers, technicians, and builders of the Primalis. Their duties revolve around the upkeep of the Arkships themselves, and the operation of technologies new and old. 'Servitors' are in charge of biological affairs; making sure stocks are full, meals are made, and Vox are healthy. They typically share work with Drones due to Vox technology being both synthetic and organic.
'Leaders' are those that are in charge of a crew. Acting like a tightly-knit family, these work crews are kept in line not only by the Armalis, but by these typically very old Vox. These magnanimous (for a Primalis) individuals are very, very rarely seen outside of an Arkship due to their assignments requiring 'active duty'. To see a 'Leader,' in a place of aliens is to know that they are almost assuredly an exile, and shunned by all varieties of Vox. The Vox consider 'drains on resources' as inexcusable, and to be one is an act to be shunned upon.
'Raiders' are those combat-focused Primalis sent on excursion teams from the ships to plunder goods, people, and other wares from aliens. 'Scavengers' work alongside Raiders, pulling stations and ships apart to find anything even remotely valuable, down to the scrap metal and copper wiring in an outpost.
'Reavers' are essentially the white blood cells of an Arkship. Rarely seen but always around, these Vox are dedicated to expunging threats and ensuring that individuals in need of 'pruning' are brought in swiftly to the Armalis and Apex. If ever seen outside an Arkship, it's typically for the purpose of overseeing other Primalis in place of a proper Armalis.
, and it's holding steady.
, but it's clotting up quickly!
, but it's getting better.
16% sales tax will be charged for orders originating within Space Nebraska.
</br>This bounty is marked as <b>high priority</b>, and will reward <b>1.5x</b> the normal payout!
<b>Implant Specifications:</b><BR>\n				<b>Name:</b> Toaster-O brand toaster module<BR>\n				<b>Implant Details:</b> <BR>\n				<b>Function:</b> Serves you a delicious toasted slice of bread.
<b>Permanent ban</b>.
<b>You were told this story, in hushed tones, from a wizened man in a grey jumpsuit...</b><br><br>It is said that the first slaying committed on a Nanotrasen space station was by an assistant.<br><br>That this act, done by toolbox, maybe spear, was what consigned their kind to a life of destitution, rejection and violence.<br><br>They carry the weight of this act visibly; the grey jumpsuit. Breathing deeply filtered air. And with bloodsoaked yellow hands clenched into fists.<br><br>Eyes, sharp and waiting. Hunters in the dark.<br><br>Eventually, these killing spirits sought to stake a claim on the metal tombs they were trapped within. Rejecting their status. Determined to be something more.<br><br>This weapon is one such tool. And it is a grim one indeed - wrought from scrap, pulled from the station's walls and floors and the very nails holding it together.<br><br>It is a symbol that the true masters of this place are not those who merely inhabit it, but the one willing to twist it towards a killing intent.
<blockquote>Our military presence is inadequate in your sector.
<br> And it's free! Wow!
<br>Either way, if your body or brain is revived, you will be returned to it as normal.
<br>Failed to connect to CentCom.
<br>This one seems to have a blue tint and has adapted to the cold.
A Heretic is Ascending!
A Shadekin is never truly alone, however, as Shadekin have formed in number on the treacherous moon Neoma, due to its darkness and isolation. While there is no central Shadekin government, this is the closest thing Shadekin have to a homeworld, devoid of light due to its orbit around Lusine, an extremely hot world that keeps Neoma's surface approaching habitable. It has become a notable tourist attraction in the few habitable areas. Neoma serves an important function of containing the collective knowledge of Shadekin society and its covens.
A Type-C resonance shift event has occurred in your sector. Scans indicate local oscillation flux affecting spatial and gravitational substructure. Multiple resonance hotspots have formed. Please standby.
A beautiful rainbow cookie, constantly shifting colors in the light.
A catch-all category for diseases that are too complex to document in their entirety. The Virology department is known for bio-engineering these diseases, as such their danger can vary wildly. These diseases are often a combination of various symptoms, each cataloged in this book individually.
A client was Del()'d without a persistent_client! This should not be happening.
A coherent nanomachine swarm shaped into humanoid form. Fragile but unkillable, Proteans retreat into their modsuit core when critically damaged and sustain themselves by consuming metal.
A confusing species, plasmamen are truly \"a fungus among us\". What appears to be a singular being is actually a colony of millions of organisms surrounding a found (or provided) skeletal structure.
A custom soup recipe, allowing you to throw whatever you want in the pot.
A dark temptation has passed from this world!
A display that provides the number of tram related safety incidents this shift.
A divine bow and 10 quivered holy arrows.
A drowning sense of dread washes over you.
A dull, universal force is preventing you from phasing here!
A dullahan is much like a human, but their head is detached from their body and must be carried around.
A fatal power outage has occurred. Please ensure that all on-board devices are connected to an appropriate power generator.
A generic blob. Looks like someone forgot to override this proc, adminhelp this.
A generic message of love or whatever.
A geyscale modify menu was instantiated with a non-atom target and no specified apply callback (DefaultApply won't do).
A good find.
A gravity generator has lost its graviton field integrity ballast, artificial gravity is offline.
A gravity generator has successfully restarted its graviton field, artificial gravity is online.
A heavily-fried... something. Who can tell anymore?
A heavy duty welder.
A horrible aftertaste coats your mouth.
A hostile entity is breaching the safehouse. Find an exit.
A low, rolling pain passes through your body!
A map's tallies are reset after it wins a vote. Otherwise, they are carried over and added onto from the next vote on the next round, until it eventually wins and is reset.
A member of our flock has gone astray, lost in the waking world...
A mere copy of the true insuls.
A migraine swells over your head as your thoughts become hazy. Your hand desperately inches closer towards the slot machine for one final pull...
A mystical snake previously trapped upon the Rod of Asclepius, now freed of its burden. Unlike the average snake, its bites contain chemicals with minor healing properties.
A new discount has dropped for %GOODY: %DISCOUNT.
A non-descript and slightly suspicious looking skirtleneck.
A non-descript and slightly suspicious looking turtleneck with digital camouflage cargo pants.
A null bookcase somehow ended up in SSlibrary's shelves_to_load list. Did something harddel?
A plushie dealing a little less damage due to its cute form. Capable of blessing one person with the Carp-Sie favor, which grants friendship of all wild space carps. Fits in pockets. Can be worn on the belt.
A random organ from an ongoing surgical operation.
A rapid and safe way to inject reagents into patients for personnel without advanced medical knowledge.
A rather mundane-looking powder. It doesn't look like it'd color much of anything...
A reaction appears to be occuring currently.
A recent bureaucratic error in the Organic Resources Department has resulted in a necessary full recall of all identities and names until further notice.
A recent bureaucratic error in the Organic Resources Department may result in personnel shortages in some departments and redundant staffing in others.
A replacement shuttle has already been purchased.
A report has been downloaded and printed out at all communications consoles.
A rift wide enough for something... or someone... to come through.
A shadowy figure appears out of the darkness!
A shard that implants itself into your arm, allowing you to conjure forth a vorpal scythe. Allows you to behead targets for empowered strikes. Harms you if you dismiss the scythe without first causing harm to a creature. The shard also causes you to become Morbid, shifting your interests towards the macabre.
A sharp katana which provides a low chance of blocking incoming melee attacks. Can be worn on the back or belt, wearing the sheath on belt allows for a swift counterattack.
A sharp, deep pain bathes every inch of your body!
A short wooden rod with a mystical snake inseparably gripping itself and the rod to your forearm. It flows with a healing energy that disperses amongst yourself and those around you.
A signs describe how long it's been since the last delamination incident. Features an advert for SAFETY MOTH.
A silicon unit, like a cyborg or pAI.
A simple torch mount, torches go here.
A simple torch mounted to the wall, for lighting and such.
A skateboard that grants you flight and anti-magic abilities while ridden. Fits in your bag.
A sleek, and slightly worn bluespace pod - its probably seen many deliveries...
A smaller subspecies of lizardperson, tends to be rather excitable in nature.
A special package is being launched at the station!
A stack of sheet material was attempted to be shattered into shards while having less than 1 sheets remaining.
A summary of the station's situation has been copied and printed to all communications consoles.
A tiny, inert core, bleeding dark, cerulean-colored goo.
A venue_price element was attached to something without specifying an actual price.
A weapon with no name, more a pattern of design. Examples of thermal pistols vary heavily based on the manufacturer or craftsperson. However, the original inventor of the thermal pistol is largely clouded in mystery. Replica versions of the pistol were circulating long before weaponized nanites were banned by the TerraGov Subdermal Weapons Accord, and have continued to exist as a means of disposing of the self-replicating stocks of weaponized nanites.<br><br>This is an example of Nanotrasen's Viper Classic model, based on earlier models of the weapon in appearance, but using up to date nanite breeding chambers that respond to user articulation. That is, the weapons can be charged with a vigorous shake. Though most users prefer to use the custom trick triggerguard to twirl them on their finger. Mostly for showmanship. <br><br>Due to various movies and television programs, or perhaps spacer legends of fancy, the weapons are often associated with the 'Space Rangers' that roam the periphery and Australicus regions of space. Polarizing tales of rugged gun fighters roaming from outpost to outpost, leaving justice, death or merely a large quantity of buzzing nanite clouds in their wake. Robber barons, frontier lawbringers. Even the occasional hard-boiled detective. These weapons are sometimes associated with cultural imagery around rugged individualism, tenacity and nonconformity, as well as a bygone age of noble warriors and ruthless villains. Using these weapons today is largely seen as a way to evoke this imagery, even if it comes across as mildly tacky. <br><br>It isn't fully understood who started the practice of 'pairing' the pistols, though the custom has remained as long as living memory. Every thermal pistol has a mate, and it is considered ill fortune to separate them purposefully.
A wise cow has been spotted in the area. Be sure to ask for her advice.
A written license from the adventuring guild. You're good to go!
ALERT - Remote system lockdown engaged. Trying to hack the lockdown subsystem...
ALERT - Remote system lockdown override failed.
ALERT - Remote system lockdown override successful.
ALERT: Foreign software detected.
ALERT: Foreign software execution prevented.
ALERT: Incorrect decryption key!
ALERT: No server detected.
ALERT: Wide-range teleport has scrambled primary systems.
ALRIGHT WHICH FUCKER TRIED TO DELETE *MY* DVIEW?
AN EASY FIGHT.
APP: Assigning all JP_HIGH head of staff roles.
AULIE OXIN FIERA!!
AUTHENTICATING - FAIL. AUTHENTICATING - FAIL. AUTHENTICATING - FAI###### Welcome, technician JOHN DOE.
Abductors do not need to breathe, eat, do not have blood, a heart, stomach, or lungs and cannot be infected by human viruses. Their hardy physique prevents their skin from being wounded or dismembered, but their chunky tridactyl hands make it hard to operate human equipment.
Abductors, colloquially known as \"Greys\" (or \"Grays\"), are, three fingered, pale skinned inquisitive aliens who can't communicate well to the average crew-member.
Access restrictions in maintenance areas have been restored.
Access restrictions on maintenance and external airlocks have been lifted.
Accomplish your AI's objectives at all costs.
Additional research data received from Nanotrasen R&D Division following the emergency protocol.
Admin Override is in effect. Map will not be changed.
Adminhelps are also sent through TGS to services like IRC and Discord. If no admins are available in game, sending an adminhelp might still be noticed and responded to.
Advanced disease could not pick a symptom!
Advanced virus properties were empty or null!
Aint nobody causin trouble in MY jurisdiction.
Air port connection has been severed!
Alcoholic quirk added while the GLOB.possible_alcoholic_addictions is (somehow) not initialized!
All clear, no weather alerts to report.
All divide occupations tasks completed.
All greyscale json configuration files should be located within '/greyscale/json_configs/' or 'modular_nova/modules/GAGS/json_configs/'.
All it's missing is <b>external plating</b>...
All of this renders the infected individual into a new, conjoined being with its symbiont not long after infection. Separation of the two becomes next to impossible due to how rapidly and thoroughly the symbiont's tendrils spread into the host's systems. Some claim mastery of hidden, expensive, or painful procedures to 'cure' one of the symbiosis but the results these range from actively damaging to the host, to utterly useless.
All special orders have been authorized for the shift. Feel free to pick one your crew wishes to specialize in - you are not expected to complete them all.
Allows the scribing of blood runes of the cult of Nar'Sie.\nHitting a cult structure will unanchor or reanchor it. Cult Girders will be destroyed in a single blow.\nCan be used to scrape blood runes away, removing any trace of them.\nStriking another cultist with it will purge all holy water from them and transform it into unholy water.\nStriking a noncultist, however, will tear their flesh.
Allows you to listen for prayers that mention you or Christmas.
Allows you to perform a chemical scan by clicking on someone.
Allows you to perform a gas scan by clicking on a tile/atmos machine.
Allows you to perform a health scan by clicking on someone.
Allows you to see ghost-only things (ex: smuggler satchels, countdowns, camera eyes).
Allstar Lasers Inc.
Already extracting... Place the target into the pod. If the pod was destroyed, this contract is no longer possible.
Already occupied by another digital entity.
Alright maybe that's <b>too</b> boring.
Alt-Click to look through the peephole.
Alt-Click to split.
Alt-Click to toggle the safety hatch.
Am I glad he's frozen in there and that we're out here, and that he's the sheriff and that we're frozen out here, and that we're in there, and I just remembered, we're out here. What I wanna know is: Where's the caveman?
Ammunition container full.
Ammunition type mismatch!
Amputate or augment limb immediately, or place the patient into cryogenics.
An acausal dimensional event has been detected in your sector. Event has been flagged EXTINCTION-CLASS. Directing all available assets toward simulating solutions. SOLUTION ETA: 60 SECONDS.
An admin played a sound.
An angry spirit, hanging onto the land of the living for unfinished business. Or that's what the books say. They're quite nice when you get to know them.
An arm reaches inside your brain, and starts pulling on your eyes!
An electrical storm has been detected in your area, please repair potential electronic overloads.
An energy sword, but with a lower force, no armour penetration and a low chance of blocking. Can be switched on and off. Can be stored away easily while off, but impossible while on.
An exosuit ammuniton box that has since been emptied. It can be safely folded for recycling.
An invisible powder. Unfortunately, since it's invisible, it doesn't look like it'd color much of anything...
An unearthly ringing fills your ears, and you find your skin covered in new radiation burns.
An unknown ship is attempting to contact the station.
An unremarkable species.
Analysis complete.
Analyzing reagents...
Ancient knowledge described to you has allowed you to overcome your clownish nature, allowing you to wield weapons without harming yourself.
Ancient knowledge from the moon has allowed you to overcome your clownish nature, allowing you to wield weapons without harming yourself.
And so we are left alone with our regrets.
And that's a solid hundred.
Androids are a synthetic species created by Nanotrasen as an intermediary between humans and cyborgs.
Androids are almost, but not quite, identical to fully augmented humans. Unlike those, though, they're completely immune to toxin damage, don't have blood or organs (besides their head), don't get hungry, and can reattach their limbs! That said, an EMP will devastate them and they cannot process any chemicals.
Androids are an entirely synthetic species.
Anomalous crystal detected onboard. Location is marked on every GPS device.
Anomaly has reached critical mass. Ectoplasmic outburst detected.
Another tug at the weave.
Any fish currently inside the aquarium, be they alive or dead.
Anyway I'll leave you it.
Anyway don't you have things to do?
Anyway, here.
Apart from their archeological mission, the Corps is also called upon from time to time to transport or otherwise protect Talunan citizens living outside of the Imperium. Deniable operations to safeguard or extricate Tizirans in what is considered at home to be hostile space are not uncommon.
Apply a welder/cautery to the limb to finalize repairs.
Apply defibrillation immediately. Similar electric shocks may work in emergencies.
Aquatech Ltd.
Are you absolutely sure you wish to declare the station as engaging in Treason? Misuse of this can and will result in administrative action against your account.
Are you pro-skub or anti-skub? Click to cycle through pro-skub, anti-skub, random and neutral.
Are you reporting a TG issue, or a Nova issue?<br>If you are unsure whether the problem comes from upstream or not, choose 'Nova Issue'.
Are you sure you want to call 911? Faulty 911 calls results in a $20,000 fine and a 5 year superjail sentence.
Are you sure you want to message the Sol Federation? Un-necessary communications may result in a large fine or 25 years in federal prison.
Are you sure? You will no longer be able to Ascend.
Artificially made by the Apex, Vox Primalis are grown for a purpose, their personalities and duties sourced by the cortical stacks installed in their heads. The exact specifications and duties of a Primalis may change throughout their life according to the enigmatic will of the biocomputers fabricating them, and their duties may be oddly specific at times; but seven core 'groups' of jobs are known by humans, signified by a series of neck, throat, facial, and back markings encoded with their role, genetic lineage, notable deeds, and arkship of origin.
As Plasmaman...
As an admin, you are being allowed to continue using this version, but please consider changing BYOND versions.
As of late the design of the required holoprojection equipment has shrunk considerably. With an electromagnetic controller suite, hologram projection apparatus, and a ball point writing implement all fitting into the sleek pen chassis. Holosynths are traditionally once human, but any species can become a hologram.
As punishment for this station's poor productivity when compared to neighbor stations, names and identities will be restricted until further notice.
As seen on TV.
As this station was initially staffed with a full crew, only your job's necessities have been added to your ID card.
As this station was initially staffed with a skeleton crew, additional access may have been added to your ID card.
As well as the more obscure meta reference this conversation is presenting.
As you look through the wreck you cannot find much of use.
As you shut your eyes to dwell on this conundrum, the brand surges in pain. You shudder to think what might happen if you go unconscious.
As you snap back to consciousness, you recall people messing with your stuff...
As your mind reels from the shock of death, you feel the ethereal tether that binds you to your body strain...
Ash Walkers are identical to lizardpeople in almost all aspects. Unlike them, they're always digitigrade, they can breathe Lavaland's often noxious atmosphere and resist viruses. They are usually illiterate.
Assist and exacerbate existing threats at critical moments.
Assist your master.
Asthma attack!
At first, life was incredibly difficult for the would-be colonists. Generations were very short, and most of the personnel able to even fix the vessel had died either on impact, or later on. While their genetic modifications and pre-existing comfort in frozen climates somewhat helped them, the Ancestors were said to have made one last desperate move to put all their resources together to fully modify and adapt themselves to the climes of Niflheim; forever.
At least 0.01 moles of BZ needs to be present. BZ is consumed at 0.1 moles per mole of freon formed.
At least 0.03 moles of CO2 needs to be present. CO2 is consumed at 0.3 moles per mole of freon formed.
At least 0.06 moles of plasma needs to be present. Plasma is consumed at 0.6 moles per mole of freon formed.
At least a key, IP or CID must be provided.
Atmos reaction recorder component initialized without a list.
Atrocinator user is buckled despite protections - this shouldn't happen!
Atrocinator user is carrying someone despite protections - this shouldn't happen!
Attach TTV to wheelchair.
Attach bell to wheelchair.
Attempted to call get_dynamic_human_appearance() with an instantiated species_path. Pass the species datum typepath instead.
Attempted to create a deathmatch lobby without a host.
Attempted to create imaginary friend appearance from null prefs. Using random appearance.
Attempted to create oversized tgui payload with duplicate ID.
Attempted to pair an airlock filler with no parent airlock specified!
Attempted to upload a corrupted JSON, purging leftover data...
Attempted to validate value for the default job config! You're doing something wrong!!
Attempting to track surgery on a non-carbon mob with a non-chest body zone! This should not happen.
Attention crew, it appears that someone on your station has hijacked your telecommunications and broadcasted an unknown signal.
Attention crew: deep-space sensors detect a Syndicate battlecruiser-class signature subspace rift forming near your station. Estimated time until arrival: three to five minutes.
Attention crew: sector monitoring reports a jump-trace from an unidentified vessel destined for your system. Prepare for probable contact.
Attention! Station-wide emergency declared!
Authorization failure. Contact mothership immediately.
Automated air filtration screeing systems have flagged an unknown pathogen in the ventilation systems, quarantine is in effect.
Automated cloning pod -- appears to rely on organic nanomachines with a self perpetuating ecosystem involving self cannibalism and a symbiotic relationship with the contained liquid.<br><br>Structure is composed of a carbo-titanium alloy with interlaced reinforcing energy fields, and the contained liquid resembles proto-plasmic residue supportive of single cellular developmental conditions.
Automated construction unit -- Item appears to be able to synthesize synthetic items, some with simple internal circuitry. Method unknown, phasing suggested?
Automatically dispatching emergency shuttle due to crew death.
Avoid capture from the fugitive hunters.
Aww dang it.
BAWWWWK george mellons griffing me!
BEGONE FOUL MAGIKS!!
BLUESPACE ARTILLERY FIRE FAILURE!
BLUESPACE ARTILLERY FIRE SUCCESSFUL! DIRECT HIT!
BLUESPACE ARTILLERY MALFUNCTION!
BROKEN ARROW/DENIAL OF ASSETS. The patrol vessel is irrecoverably compromised, with capture or destruction imminent. The primary mission has failed. The new objective is to ensure that no Coalition personnel, technology, intelligence, or the vessel itself can be exploited by the enemy. All classified data, mission logs, and personnel records are to be purged from all systems. The crew is expected to fight until the vessel is destroyed or all hands are lost.
BZ gets decomposed into plasma and nitrous oxide. The nitrous oxide then decomposes into nitrogen and oxygen, with the oxygen then decaying into helium.
BZ is consumed at 1/12th of a mole per mole of healium formed.
BZ is not consumed in the reaction but will lower the amount of energy released. It also reduces amount of tritium consumed by a ratio between tritium and bz, greater bz than tritium will reduce more.
Background radiation levels detected.
Bagpipes begin to blare. You feel Scottish pride coming over you.
Barhah hra zar'garis!
Base parts are available for shipping via cargo.
Base vault parts are available for shipping via cargo.
Be sure to read <a href=\"https://tgstation13.org/wiki/Revenant\">the wiki page</a> to learn more.
Because this item is worn on the head and is covering the mouth, it will block facehugger proboscides, killing facehuggers.
Become... video deliveryman!
Begin scan for aberrant code for termination.
Begin surgery by applying surgical drapes to the patient or by buckling the patient to the surgical table.
Beginning their prehistory with total defeat of another intelligent species set to keep them in their waters forever, the Azuleans have forged themselves into a pioneering people willing to exploit even the most hostile lands; and turn foreign places, flora and fauna, and even people to their advantage. New colonies are being terraformed into 'Agurkrral-A-Likes' every day, strange bioengineered creatures released into the wilds and massive treatment machines being ran in the waters to accomodate the new biosphere. Even some foreign citizens have been forcibly turned into Azuleans through genemodding, before having their genes locked and unable to be altered by anyone else.
Behold, the ultimate power of the Dark Flame Master! I call upon the ancient forces of chaos and destruction to unleash their wrath upon my enemies!
Bio-engineering at its felinest, Felinids are the peak example of humanity's mastery of genetic code. One of many \"Animalid\" variants, Felinids are the most popular and common, as well as one of the biggest points of contention in genetic-modification.
Biohazard has reached critical mass. Station loss is imminent.
Bishop Cybernetics, Inc.
Bitrunning Goal Crate Randomizer failed to find an encrypted crate to swap positions for.
Bitrunning Goal Crate Randomizer failed to find any NORMAL crates to swap positions for.
Blisters and boils start to appear over your skin. Each one hissing searing hot steam out of its own pocket...
Blob Awakening!
Blocked user from opposing force requests.
Blood, blood! The Geometer will be pleased.
Blowing smoke in my face, really?
Body modders were eager to splice human and feline DNA in search of the holy trifecta: ears, eyes, and tail. These traits were in high demand, with the corresponding side effects of vocal and neurochemical changes being seen as a minor inconvenience.
Borers were able to gather enough willing hosts!
Borers were able to learn enough chemicals through the blood!
Borers were able to produce enough eggs!
Borers were able to survive the shift!
Borers were unable to gather enough willing hosts!
Borers were unable to learn enough chemicals through the blood!
Borers were unable to produce enough eggs!
Borers were unable to survive the shift!
Brain damage detected.
Brain not detected. Please consult nearest medical practitioner.
Brain not found.
Brain patterns normal.
Break Company Policy! There will be consequences...
Breech-loaded spearguns aren't a common sight around Nanotrasen stations, because everything you could reasonably need a speargun for, like carp hunting, is better served by more available options, such as laser guns or toolboxes.<br><br>However, the Animal Rights Consortium intentionally sends some \"lucky\" operatives out with such weapons, as their uncommon nature makes it very unambiguous who sent the madmen who willingly use such weapons, and what drives them. Or, equally as likely, some other cell of the Syndicate pilfered it to paint the Consortium as responsible for whatever attack could be committed with a speargun.<br><br>Either way, having a ballistic harpoon stuck in a limb is widely regarded as being a drag.
Bring joy and presents to the station!
Bring judgment upon the daywalkers.
Bring the darkness to the light.
Bug breaking in-world text rendering.
Bug breaking rendering can lead to wallhacks.
But you have my respect for being this dedicated to the joke.
But you've earned this at least.
But you've probably heard a few repeats by now.
But you've seen this meme to its conclusion, and that's an experience in itself, right?
By my very loose calculations you've now wasted a decent chunk of the round doing this.
By the grace of the holy one, I summon the light of salvation. Let my allies rejoice. O, Heaven! Bless them!
By the power of the spatial rifts, I bend the fabric of reality and move across the dimensions! Let nothing stand in my way as I travel to my destination!
By the secret of the hidden one, I reveal the truth of creation. Let my mind expand. O, Mystery! Enlighten me!
CHELP, CHELP CCCCHHHHEEEEEEEEEEEEEEELLLLLLLPPPPPP!!
CID was ticked but none was provided.
COOKED WITH LOVE INSIDE A BIG OVEN!
CRC mismatch at ~h~ in calculated route buffer. Full reset initiated of FTL_NAVIGATION_SERVICES. Memory decrypted for automatic repair.
CRYSTAL DELAMINATION IMMINENT. The supermatter has reached critical integrity failure. Emergency causality destabilization field has been activated.
CRYSTAL DELAMINATION IMMINENT. The supermatter has reached critical integrity failure. Harmonic frequency limits exceeded. Causality destabilization field could not be engaged.
Cabin breach has been sealed.
Called is_banned without a mob. This shouldn't happen.
Called is_banned_from without specifying a ckey.
Can only happen on turfs.
Can't go there!
Cannon integrity failure!
Cannon unpowered!
Cannot be butchered.
Capacitor is installed, and can be <b>screwed</b> into place.
Capacitor is secured, the <b>servo</b> can be added.
Capture the fugitives in the station and put them into the bluespace capture machine on your ship.
Carbon Dioxide is formed at 0.75 moles per mole of plasma consumed if tritium isn't being formed.
Carbon Dioxide is formed at 1 mole per mole of freon consumed.
Carbon dioxide is produced at 5 moles per mole of halon consumed.
Cargo personnel was requested in %LOCATION %CALLER %RETA.
Catastrophic casualties detected: crisis shuttle protocols activated - jamming recall signals across all frequencies.
Cause as much chaos and anger as you can without being killed.
CentCom airlock control override activated. Please take this time to get acquainted with your coworkers.
CentCom once more twists knowledge beyond its authority.
CentCom's profligacy frays another thread.
Centcom is displeased. Come on service, surely you can do better than that.
Centcom is satisfied with service's job today.
Central control module is installed, and can be <b>screwed</b> into place.
Central control module is secured, and the <b>peripheral control module</b> slot has opened.
Change selected prefs?
Changes name randomly to a common misspelling of \"Borscht\".
Chassis model has been reset.
Check local laws for legality in region.
Check this new offer out: %GOODY, now %DISCOUNT off.
Checking personality incompatibilities before the incompatibility list was initialized?
Cheesed to meet you!
Chirp chirp chirp!
Choose an emote to display.
Cigarette smoke is unpleasant.
Clearing clutter...
Click this alert to let them help you up!
Client disconnected.
Client does not purport to be QDELING, this is going to cause bugs in other places!
Client image holder was created with no mobs to see it.
Client reconnected.
Cobbled-together energy swords like this can be found across the frontier in the hands of... a lot of people, really. From ne'er-do-wells to enthusiasts and everything in between, the ease of acquiring parts means that anyone with a semblance of craftsmanship can make something that works as a sword.<br><br>When handmade energy swords are patterened after earlier energy swords such as the Pattern I 'Iaito', they're typically designated with the H suffix to denote the circumstances of their manufacture and given a different nickname. Typically, for Iaito-likes, the designation of choice is the 'Bokuto'. While remarkably similar to recovered Iaitos, thanks to the designs for homemade prototypes having long been leaked to the exonet, they're noted as being a little more unwieldy, making them perform less well in regards to blocking attacks. Much like their parent design, examples of the Bokuto are typically found in the hands of various grunts, mooks, goons, criminals, wannabe assassins, lunatics, or those otherwise embroiled in a desperate struggle. If you're actually trying to kill someone with this sword, you may or may not fit into one or more of those categories.
Cockpit wire screen is installed, and can be <b>welded</b>.
Color too dark to display.
Come on, HIT ME!
Coming from the planet of Sprout, the theocratic ethereals are separated socially by caste, and espouse a dogma of aiding the weak and downtrodden.
Coming through!
Command personnel was requested in %LOCATION %CALLER %RETA.
Command your steed to slap a creature with its tentacles.
Commence clean-up protocol on corrupt data.
Commence operation to neutralize intruding scripts.
Company news, staff announcements, and all the latest information. Have a secure shift!
Complete the Grand Ritual at least seven times.
Complete your ship's mission.
Conduct a general station safety survey. Gather feedback from staff and identify potential safety concerns.
Conjure nightfall by blade or by flame.
Connected to the air system port.
Connection desynchronized. Recalibration in progress.
Connection refused by external endpoint.
Connection to destination relay lost.
Console will automatically link on shuttle completion.
Consume the last glimmer of light from the space station.
Container empty!
Contains small parts.
Continue travels.
Contraband found on Cargo Shuttle. This has been returned via drop pod.
Contract target out of reach. Contract rerolled.
Control module reactivated.
Cooldown still active!
Corruption detected in shuttle navigation protocols. Please contact your supervisor.
Could not initiate grey-tide. No areas in the list!
Couldn't find the belly helper to try to do vore with- yell at an admin!
Covens are groups of Shadekin formed to maintain themselves and records of their existence, as well as guide new Shadekin as they develop. They are rarely associated with ideology alone, rather concepts and what they imply, and within a coven exist Coteries, interest groups within a coven, tailored to a specific aspect. In this regard, covens are societies in and of themselves, organized in a somewhat tribal manner. Covens do not solely exist on Neoma, they are spread throughout the universe, but most covens at least have archives on the moon, called \"Mindtrusts\".
Created a gas mixture with zero volume!
Criminal detected!
Critical damage sustained.
Critical reality rupture detected on supranatural casuality long-range scanners. Mass crew casualty and possible station destruction determined to be beyond acceptable probability. Priority evacuation shuttle dispatched.
Critically low power.
Crystal delamination in progress!
Crystal formation -- An extraordinary big example of bluespace crystal. Deep scan indicates presence of anomalous fluctuations inside. Secondary scan indicates unusual activity around moving objects.
Crystal formation -- Pseudo organic crystalline matrix, unlikely to have formed naturally. No known technology exists to synthesize this exact composition. Attention: energetic excitement is noticed. The appearance of current is possible. Connect the crystal to the network, using wrench and wires on it. Make sure there is a cable underneath.
Crystalline hyperstructure returning to safe operating parameters. Failsafe has been disengaged.
Crystalline hyperstructure returning to safe operating parameters. Harmonic frequency restored within emergency bounds. Anti-resonance filter initiated.
Curious about what happened?
Currently weak to brute damage.
Custom delusion hallucination was created without any custom icon information passed.
Cycling sequence overriden by docking sequence.
Cycling timed out, bolts unlocked.
DANGER: CHARGE INERTIA CHAIN REACTION IN PROGRESS.
DANGER: HYPERSTRUCTURE OSCILLATION FREQUENCY OUT OF BOUNDS.
DISTRESS SIGNAL REPEATING: Requesting immediate assistance. Patrol vessel under sustained combat operations. All available units respond.
DNA too complicated to infuse. The machine needs to infuse simpler DNA first.
DO NOT ISSUE WEAPON PERMITS. Subject has suspected links to covert criminal elements.
DO: Early overflow roles assigned.
DO: Forced antagonist could not be assigned any random job or the overflow role. divide_occupations failed.
Damage and render as much of the station rusted and unusable as possible.
Damages reported by the internal diagnostics system suggest a digital attack by a wireless hacking implant.
Danger! High pressure and low temperature detected.
Danger! High pressure and temperature detected.
Danger! High pressure detected.
Danger! High temperature detected.
Danger! Low pressure and high temperature detected.
Danger! Low pressure and temperature detected.
Danger! Low pressure detected.
Danger! Low temperature detected.
Danger: Extremely potent reality altering object has been summoned on station. Immediate evacuation advised. Brace for impact.
Data stream abnormalities present.
Data theft signal detected; source registered on local GPS units.
Decoy override brain with a key assigned - This should never happen.
Defend your domain from the intruders!
Departing immediately for new employee pickup.
Departure has been postponed indefinitely pending conflict resolution.
Deploy correction algorithms on aberrant code.
Desiccation, commonly caused by Changelings.
Designed and grown by the Apex, biocomputers the size of massive willow trees, the average Vox is a digitigrade, reptilian biped with stiff, semi-rigid keratin quills on their head, a long prehensile tail, and a teethed and bilaterally-split jaw. They have a flexible and lightweight skeleton and a two-channel redundant nervous system. They generally stand anywhere from 1.3 to 2 meters tall, averaging at 1.5 for most Vox, taller for Armalis, with a primarily green and brown coloration, but can have different colored quills and body markings. Their bodies are scaled with rigid, nonconducting plates in overlapping rows, which can be bristled or flattened at will to optimize cooling or form interior seals as to retain heat. Their aforementioned quills act as a supplementary cooling system, with tiny capillaries allowing bloodflow into the hollow recesses inside of the quills, which they may often violently shake to produce a cooling effect with the air; this also functions as a threat display, as many Vox will attempt to cool themselves down before engaging in a fight as to regulate their body-temperature though exertion. They do not respirate as humans do, but they do require a nitrogen-rich atmosphere to 'breathe', and suffer badly in the presence of oxygen. Their musculature is geared towards sudden bursts of rapid movement, with a vulnerability to lactic acid buildup as a result.
Despite SSconfig setting SSjob.legacy_mode to TRUE, jobs.txt was not found in the config directory! Something has gone terribly wrong!
Despite being a day off, the postal system is working overtime today. Mail will be delivered this shift.
Despite the clade a symbiont will originate from: all share at least a few commonalities: the symbiont will attach to and rapidly integrate with major organ systems in the host's body. Initially this will start with the host's cardiovascular system but shortly thereafter, translucent tendrils from the tiny pitch-colored form of the symbiont will worm their way into the spinal column and eventually: the brain of the host. When it does, the host begins to not only psychologically, but also physically crave the consumption of blood in order to survive. Depending on the clade, these changes can take effect as early as hours after initial infection, though occurrance after a factor of days is not unheard of.
Destoys the implant from within the user harmlessly.
Detected V3 API but TGS_V3_API isn't defined!
Detected as using a spoofed BYOND version.
Detected unknown Interop API version! Defaulting to latest. Update the DMAPI to fix this problem.
Did station crewmembers actively prevent you and the SWAT team from accomplishing your objectives at the direction of Security and/or Command?
Did station crewmembers assault you or the SWAT team at the direction of Security and/or Command?
Did that work?
Different wing types with repeated names. Please fix as this may cause issues.
Directs the blob's expansion, gradually expands, and sustains nearby blob spores and blobbernauts.
Disable and cause malfunctions in as many machines as possible.
Disabling night lighting: Station is in a state of emergency.
Disconnected from the air system port.
Disk loaded successfully.
Distress signal deactivated.
Do not attempt to leave the station sector.
Do not interfere with the operations of the Syndicate.
Do not taunt.
Do you believe in magic in a young girl's heart?
Do you hear the people sing?
Do you know how expensive these stations are?
Do you want a Valentine?
Do you want to be a syndicate sleeper agent? If you ignore this, you will be considered to have declined and will be inelegible for all future rolls this round.
Do you want to play as %TYPE% portal invader?
Do you want to play as a Clockwork Marauder?
Do you want to play as a reinforcement subcontracted Bitrunner?
Do you want to play as a special role?
Do you want to play as an ascended heretic's stargazer?
Does not block surgery on covered bodyparts.
Does the situation require additional S.W.A.T. backup, involve the station impeding you from doing your job, or involve the station making a fraudulent 911 call and needing an arrest made on the caller?
Don't forget to print it.
Donk Co.'s Jezail line of bolt-action sporting rifles is, admittedly, a strange, almost archaic design, coming from an even stranger place, as most people would not expect a logistics and food processing company to create, market, and distribute bolt-action rifles.<br><br>For better or for worse, though, they're pretty good as rifles - though they're not nearly as ubiquitous as the Sakhno, especially in the Spinward Sector, they still share the same chambering in .310 Strilka, and thus, the stopping power of the cartridge, with no risk of receiving a refurbished, poorly-kept surplus arm that jams more than it shoots.
Doomsday created outside an AI somehow, shit's fucking broke. Anyway, we're just gonna qdel now. Go make a github issue report.
Dream projection created without a target!
Drones are the weakest and slowest of the castes, but can grow into a praetorian and then queen if no queen exists, and are vital to maintaining a hive with their resin secretion abilities.
Due to unforseen circumstances, shuttle purchasing is no longer available.
Duel finished. Re-engaging safety.
Durability low!
During the Terran War, the Tizirans fought a brutal conflict with humanity over territory and survival, which culminated in the destruction of their sacred moon, Atra'Kor. This event caused massive devastation to their home planet and deeply scarred their society. The war ended with the Sagittarius Accords, which imposed a demilitarized zone (DMZ) and heavy trade restrictions on the Tizirans, limiting their expansion and influence. In the aftermath, the Tiziran government collapsed, giving rise to the Talunan Imperium. The Imperium is a more decentralized system, with power divided between the Imperial Throne and local Wards, which handle daily governance. The Imperium focuses on rebuilding, maintaining a strong military presence, and carefully managing relations with other species—especially their allies, the Teshari—while remaining distrustful of humanity and other outsiders.
ELEVATED THREAT/VIOLATION OF PROTOCOL. One or more Standard Procedures have been violated, or anomalous but not yet overtly hostile activity is detected. All personnel must draw weapons and hold them at low-ready. Ship thrusters are to be kept spooled for immediate maneuver. Defensive shields are raised to tactical strength. High alert. Inspection may be halted and teams recalled to the ship or ordered to hold position and fortify.
EMERGENCY DISTRESS SIGNAL ACTIVATED. Requesting immediate assistance. Patrol vessel under sustained combat operations. All available units respond.
ENCRYPTED BURST: OBSIDIAN. Self-destruct and denial protocols initiated. All assets to be denied to enemy.
ENCRYPTED BURST: OBSIDIAN. Self-destruct and denial protocols initiated. All assets to be denied to the enemy.
ENGINEERING EMERGENCY in %LOCATION %CALLER %RETA!!!
ERROR ER0RR $R0RRO$!R41.%%!! loaded.
ERROR! Cannot calculate suitable movement path.
ERROR-ERROR: ERROR landmark missing!
ERROR: Corruption detected in navigation protocols. Connection with Transponder #XCC-P5831-ES13 lost. Backup exit route protocol decrypted. Calibrating route...
ERROR: Equipment not yet issued.
ERROR: Launchpad busy.
ERROR: Launchpad not operative. Heavy area shielding makes teleporting impossible.
ERROR: Launchpad not operative. Make sure the launchpad is ready and powered.
ERROR: Missing equipment. Items ejected.
ERROR: No admin is handling the application.
ERROR: No core present during detonation.
ERROR: Ping failed.
ERROR: Ping is on cooldown.
ERROR: Target could not be bombed.
ERROR: Transfer valve malfunctioning. Items ejected.
ERROR: You are muted.
ERROR: You do not have permission to do that.
ERT shuttle loaded but found no spawn points, placing the ERT at wherever inside the shuttle instead.
EVERY TIME YOU DREAM OF CIRCULAR CUISINE!
Each mole Nitrous oxide decomposed makes 0.5 moles Oxygen. Lower ratio of Nitrous oxide to Plasma means a higher ratio of decomposition to BZ production.
Each mole Nitrous oxide decomposed makes 1 mol Nitrogen. Lower ratio of Nitrous oxide to Plasma means a higher ratio of decomposition to BZ production.
Each mole of BZ made consumes 0.8 moles of plasma. If there is more plasma than nitrous oxide, bz formation rate gets slowed down.
Each mole of bz made consumes 0.4 moles of Nitrous oxide. If there is less nitrous oxide than plasma the reaction rate is slowed down. At three times the amount of plasma to Nitrous oxide it will start breaking down into Nitrogen and Oxygen, the lower the ratio the more Nitrous oxide decomposes.
Eat the ice cream.
Either both you or your target aren't at the dropoff location, or the pod hasn't got a valid place to land. Clear space, or make sure you're both inside.
Ejecting personality chip.
Emergency Shuttle uplink failure, shuttle disabled until further notice.
Emergency Shuttle uplink reestablished, shuttle enabled.
Emergency shuttle uplink services are now back online.
End of active turf list.
Energy released by the reaction, may or may not result in linear temperature change depending on a slew of other factors.
Engine, V vaibxr gb-gur`r gb-pbzzhar gb-nyy.
Engineering staff will have expanded access to areas of the station during the emergency.
Enjoy your discount!
Ensure that any holy weapons are rendered unusable.
Enter cryosleep?
Enter your desired display name.
Equipment unlocked.
Equipped with a drip-charge microcell. Regains a couple of shots after a while without external power, maybe. Remember - switching to another gun is <b>definitely</b> faster than waiting for this to recharge.
Equipped with a fission-powered microcell. Regains a couple of shots every few seconds without external power. If this thing runs out of juice, you have bigger problems than recharging your gun.
Equipped with a hyper-charge microcell. Regains a couple of shots next to every ten seconds without external power. While not infinite, it can handle heavier usage than its peers without running dry.
Equipped with a trickle-charge microcell. Regains a couple of shots every quarter minute or so without external power. Don't expect it to keep up with heavy use.
Error -- Download corrupted.
Error communicating with scanner.
Error in meteorological calculation. Please report this deviation to a trained programmer.
Error running chat command!
Error: Admin-PM-Context: Target mob is not a mob, somehow.
Error: Admin-PM-Filter: You are unable to use admin PM-s (muted).
Error: Admin-PM-Filter: Your message contained only HTML, it's been sanitized away and the message disregarded.
Error: Admin-PM-Message: Client not found.
Error: Admin-PM-Message: External reply cap hit.
Error: Admin-PM-Message: No message input.
Error: Admin-PM-Message: Use the admin IRC/Discord channel, nerd.
Error: Admin-PM-Notify: Client not found.
Error: Admin-PM-Reply: Client not found.
Error: Admin-PM-Reply: You are unable to use admin PM-s (muted).
Error: Admin-PM-Send: Attempted to send a reply to a closed ticket.
Error: Admin-PM-Send: Client not found.
Error: Admin-PM-Send: Non-admin to non-admin PM communication is forbidden.
Error: Admin-PM: You are unable to use admin PM-s (muted).
Error: No department account found. Please report to Gorlex Industries.
Error: Pad not found. Please re-link the pad to the console to continue.
Error: Unknown job availability.
Escape from captivity.
Escape is impossible. The only way out is to defeat another participant in this battle to the death. A weapon has been bestowed unto you, granting you a fighting chance, it would be quite a shame were you to attempt to break it.
Escape on the shuttle or an escape pod alive and without being in custody.
Ethereals are a species native to the planet Sprout. When they were originally discovered, they were at a medieval level of technological progression, but due to their natural acclimation with electricity, they felt easy among the large Nanotrasen installations.
Ethereals process electricity as their power supply, not food, and are somewhat resistant to it.They do so via their crystal core, their equivalent of a human heart, which will also encase them in a reviving crystal if they die.However, their skin is very thin and easy to pierce with brute weaponry.
Even now a light shines through the cracks.
Everyone has to start their art journey somewhere!
Everyone still seems to be sleeping peacefully in the hole.
Everyone suddenly looks so tasty.
Everything just feels better after a drink or two.
Examining (shift-click), talking, moving, opening doors and using computers are all unaffected.
Except the poly file is missing...
Execute defense routine against non-conformity.
Execute termination protocol on unauthorized entities.
Exit gateway in use.
Exit gateway malfunction. Manual recalibration required.
Exit gateway unpowered.
Expanded engineering access has been revoked.
Experiment failed! No replacement organ detected.
Experiment ready to start.
Experimental gland detected!
Experimental, classified, and very expensive emergency countermeasures have been activated to prevent total station loss, but the initial failure to contain the viral biohazard will be noted on the station's performance report. Expect further penalties.
Explosive disturbance detected.
Export Save as Dev Preferences was called by a non-localhost user!
External armor is installed, and can be <b>wrenched</b> into place.
External armor is wrenched, and can be <b>welded</b>.
Extinguish the flame of this hellscape.
Extraction pod destroyed. Contract aborted.
Extremely fatty tissue taken from a patient.
FOC: Player no longer exists.
FOR NO RAISIN!!
Failed bridge request, handler returned null!
Failed initial bridge request!
Failed to activate API!
Failed to assign nuke to team after multiple attempts. This likely means the nuke was not found. Please investigate.
Failed to connect to database in load_donators(). Reverting to legacy system.
Failed to connect to database in load_mentors(). Reverting to legacy system.
Failed to connect to database in load_nova_stars(). Reverting to legacy system.
Failed to establish database connection.
Failed to find destination turf for nukie elevator!
Failed to find nukie elevator landmarks during load!
Failure to stabilise the engine may result in an automatic deployment of the suppression system.
Fatal error occurred in emergency shuttle uplink during transit. Unable to reestablish connection.
Felinids are one of the many types of bespoke genetic modifications to come of humanity's mastery of genetic science, and are also one of the most common. Meow?
Felinids are very similar to humans in almost all respects, with their biggest differences being the ability to lick their wounds, and an increased sensitivity to noise, which is often detrimental. They are also rather fond of eating oranges.
Fiber storage full.
Fill your hands, you son of a bitch.
Finally you can hear the world around you once more.
Fine day whenever those slugs get squished.
Fingerprint storage full.
Fire detected!
Firing from brass tiles will halve the time that it takes to recharge a bolt.
Flow rate restored.
Flush in progress!
Flypeople are a curious species with a striking resemblance to the insect order of Diptera, commonly known as flies. With no publically known origin, flypeople are rumored to be a side effect of bluespace travel, despite statements from Nanotrasen officials.
Flypeople are often feared or avoided among other species, their appearance often described as unclean or frightening in some cases, and their eating habits even more so with an insufferable accent to top it off.
Fog is down, prepare for contact.
Follow the orders of Big Brother.
Follow your orders. Assist agents in this mission area.
Foolishness, ash walker!
For a brief period, Allstar produced a series of custom-made SC-H laser guns for a select group of clients, mainly consisting of various wealthy starship captains, politicians and military leaders looking to demonstrate prestige before the common folk.<br><br>The SC-H was a commercial failure, but this particular variant earned its own infamy, linked to narratives of crazed despots using it to put down political rivals and dissidents, as well as tales of mad generals marching ahead of their forces, this weapon brandished, running hot in an outstretched arm towards any moving target they could find on the battlefield. <br><br>Usage of this firearm is now heavily scrutinized within SolFed space because of its reputation. This is largely why Nanotrasen insists that any examples held by ranking officers be kept under lock and key. All records of the schematics surrounding this variant of the SC-H were seized and destroyed, and the creator behind it detained in a maximum security SolFed sanitorium. During a routine check-up, she appeared to have smeared the walls in her own blood, claiming that 'She' was coming, and that she had paid dearly for the knowledge of how to make the weapon.<br><br>Even the microfusion breeder cell housed inside the weapon is practically a lost technology. Nanotrasen have remained unable to reverse engineer the device's exact means of functionality. The Syndicate are, obviously, just as interested in exactly how this weapon's cell remains capable of self-perpetuation, hence why the collective seem hell-bent on capturing them whenever possible.<br><br>Maybe keep this somewhere safe. Or don't.
For a brief period, Nanotrasen produced a series of custom-made Type 4 laser guns for a select group of clients, primarily composed of wealthy starship captains, politicians, and military leaders looking to demonstrate prestige before the common folk.<br><br>The Type 4 was a commercial failure, but this particular variant earned its own infamy, linked to narratives of crazed despots using it to put down political rivals and dissidents, as well as tales of mad generals marching ahead of their forces, this weapon brandished and running hot in an outstretched arm, pointed towards any moving target they could find on the battlefield.<br><br>Copies of this firearm are now prohibited within TerraGov space, and any captured are quickly decommissioned.This is largely why Nanotrasen <b>insists</b> that any examples held by ranking officers be kept under lock and key. All records of the schematics surrounding this variant of the Type 4 were seized and destroyed, and the creator behind it was detained in a maximum security TerraGov sanitorium. When they found her again, she appeared to have smeared the walls in her own blood, claiming that 'She' was coming, and that she had paid dearly for the knowledge of how to make the weapon.<br><br>Even the microfusion breeder cell housed inside the weapon is practically a lost technology, and Nanotrasen have been unable to reverse engineer the devices exact means of functionality.<br><br>The Syndicate are obviously just as interested in exactly how this weapon is capable of self-perpetuation, hence why the collective seem hell-bent on capturing them whenever possible. Maybe keep this somewhere safe. Or don't.
For recreational use only.
For the necropolis!
Force removed an already removed organ!
Fortunately, you fended them off without any trouble.
Found ',' or ':' without expression in an array.
Found on the Icemoon of Freyja, plasmamen consist of colonial fungal organisms which together form a sentient being. In human space, they're usually attached to skeletons to afford a human touch.
Found undeleted query, check the sql.log for the undeleted query and add a delete call to the query datum.
Free objective.
Freeze, scumbag!
Freon is consumed at 11/12th of a mole per mole of healium formed.
Freon is produced at a rate that scales with the sum of a quadratic exponential and sigmoidal function, with the quadratic exponential peaking at 800 Kelvin, but the sigmoidal function takes dominance at over 5,500K being up to 3 times more efficient.
Frequent crashing.
From the shadows, all shall perish.
Fucking stupid machine.
Fuel reserves depleted.
Fugitive locator tried to locate a fugitive antag datum with no owner.
Fully heals the target and produces a random coin.
Further changes occur in the host: the symbiont is heavily reliant on extremely rapid cell regeneration to sustain itself, which is disrupted by the presence of UV light. As a result, the host can start to experience heightened irritation in the presence of light and especially sunlight.
GENUINE ID Appraisal Now!
GET OVER HERE!
GET OVER HERE!!
GLORY IS MINE!
Genetically modified humanoids believed to be descendants of a now centuries old colony ship from the pre-bluespace travel era. Still having at least some human traits, they are most comparable to today's felinids with most sporting features likely spliced from the icemoon's many fauna.
Get the latest stories from the frontier, here! For the not-quite-latest stories, download the \"News Archive\" app to any NTOS-based device today!
Ghost Possession!
Ghosts are one of the spookiest creatures known in the galaxy. While they still need their protein to sustain themselves, they are able to control their own bodies, going through walls and getting rid of all their posessions at will. Most knowledge known about them is kept secret by Nanotrasen's top Chaplains, who are keen to keep it private.
Ghosts are the spiritual remains of long-passed entities. They lack legs, can fly, can choose at will to become incorporeal, but still eat, breathe, hear and see.
Given to you to aid in staying awake this shift...
Go do some random acts of kindness for a stranger!
Golems are hardy creatures made out of stone, which are thus naturally resistant to many dangers, including asphyxiation, fire, radiation, electricity, and viruses.They gain special abilities depending on the type of material consumed, but they need to consume material to keep their body animated.
Golems are lithoid creatures who eat rocks and minerals to survive and adapt.
Good evening, crew. To reduce power consumption and stimulate the circadian rhythms of some species, all of the lights aboard the station have been dimmed for the night.
Good hustle I guess.
Good morning, crew. As it is now day time, all of the lights aboard the station have been restored to their former brightness.
Gradually expands and sustains nearby blob spores and blobbernauts.
Gradually supplies the blob with resources, increasing the rate of expansion.
Grant us peaceful slumber, free from nightmares and those who would do us harm!..
Grants you Med/Sec/Diag HUDs.
Grave brain damage detected.
Greetings! Have a Happy Easter and keep an eye out for Easter Bunnies!
Growth and Differentiation Component: Neither growth time nor probability were set! This component is useless!
Guardian created with client but no summoner.
Gunpod exhausted. Ejecting.
HEY!<br>An admin is trying to talk to you!<br>Check your chat window,<br>and click their name to respond!
HEY, CAN YOU HEAR US? We're coming to your station. There's a bad guy down there, really bad guy. We need to arrest them.
HOSTILE INTENT CONFIRMED. Direct, unambiguous evidence of hostile intent has been identified. This includes weapon discharge towards patrol personnel, attempted boarding of the patrol vessel, active targeting by a Bluespace Artillery Cannon, or a declared threat against the patrol. Weapons free. All defensive systems are at full power. The ship is to maneuver to a tactical advantage. All personnel to battle stations. Preemptive self-defense protocols are authorized.
Hailing from a planet that was lost long ago, the moths travel the galaxy as a nomadic people aboard a colossal fleet of ships, seeking a new homeland.
Hailing from the arid world of Tizira, lizards were travelling the stars back when mankind was first discovering how neat trains could be. However, much like the space-fable of the space-tortoise and space-hare, lizards have rejected their kin's motto of \"slow and steady\" in favor of resting on their laurels and getting completely surpassed by 'bald apes', due in no small part to their lack of access to plasma.
Halon is consumed at a rate that scales with temperature.
Handling admin pinged.
Happy Mother's Day in most of the Americas, Asia, and Oceania!
Happy National Hot Dog Day!
Happy National Inebriation Day!
Happy birthday, Ian!
Happy, Full, Clean. Live it and give it.
Hard-light generator detected.
Have a merry Christmas!
Have a nice festive season!
Have a secure day.
Have a spooky Halloween!
Have a wonderful day.
Having taken up their original charter of making contact with their wayward kin which where lost in the great exodus following Tizira's first foray into FTL travel, the Expeditionary Corps is once again chasing leads on the Ashwalkers and Unathi. Reports of neolithic reptiles living on the magma world of Indecipheres has piqued the interest of the Expedition, which has set about establishing a presence on the frontier to investigate the matter.
Having taken up their original charter of making contact with their wayward kin—lost in the great exodus following Tizira's first foray into FTL travel—the Expeditionary Corps is once again chasing leads on the Ashwalkers and Unathi. Reports of neolithic reptiles living on the magma world of Indecipheres have piqued the interest of the Expedition, which has set about establishing a presence on the frontier to investigate the matter.
Heal a patient's superficial bruises and cuts.
Heal a patient's superficial bruises, cuts, and burns.
Heal a patient's superficial burns.
Heal a patient's superficial charring and warping damage.
Heal a patient's superficial dents, scuffs, and warped heat damage.
Healium is formed at a rate that scales with the temperature.
Heavy duty drill useful for mining.
Heed and obey the requests of the dead, provided that carrying them out wouldn't be too inconvenient or self-destructive.
Helium is produced at 1.6 moles per mole of BZ decomposed.
Hello there.
Hey! You can't use this! Get outta here!
High levels of radiation detected near the station. Maintenance is best shielded from radiation.
Higher temperature increases the speed of miasma sterilization.
Hmm... yes, this ID was issued from Central Command!
Holosynths are a subtype of machines; they're made of soft-light, only semi-solid and dependant on a projection device.
Hopefully you'll never need to see this place again.
Hostile runtime detected in door controllers. Isolation lockdown protocols are now in effect. Please remain calm.
Hostile runtimes detected in all station systems, please deactivate your AI to prevent possible damage to its morality core.
Hot Hot Hot!
Hot ice are solidified stacks of plasma. Ignition of one will result in a raging fire.
How should the vote winner be determined?
However it's not proper to just stand in here all shift and see what I'll say.
Humanity never managed to find the kind of peace to fully unite under one banner like other species. The pencil and paper pushing of the UN bureaucrat lives on in the mosaic that is TerraGov; a composite of the nation-states that still live on in human society.
Humans are the dominant species in the known galaxy. Their kind extend from old Earth to the edges of known space.
Hunters are the most agile caste, tasked with hunting for hosts. They are faster than a human and can even pounce, but are not much tougher than a drone.
Hydrogen is consumed at 10/11th of a mole per mole of proto-nitrate formed.
Hydrogen is consumed rapidly fast as long as there's enough oxygen to allow combustion.
Hydrogen is formed from the tritium losing their neutrons.
Hydrogen is produced at 1 mole per mole of nitrium decomposed.
Hydrogen remains after the neutrons escape.
Hyper-Noblium is consumed at 0.02 moles per mole of zauker formed.
Hyper-Noblium production scales based on the sum of the nitrogen and tritium moles.
I AM +NOT+ A CYBORG YOU TROGLODYTE.
I DIDN'T DESERVE ITTTTTTTTTT!!
I WILL DIE TO JUST ONE ATTTTTTAAAAACKKKKKK!!
I WILLLLLL NOT DROP GOOOD IITITTEEEEEMMMS!!
I am an elite operative executing a co-ordinated strike for the benefit of Cybersun Industries.
I am the Lord of the Dead, the Master of Bones, the Ruler of Shadows. I command the legions of the damned to rise from their graves and serve me!
I am the law!
I am very tempted to just stretch this out forever.
I am... vanquished. My people will remem...ber...meeee.
I can't do this any more!!
I can't give you anything that would impact the progression of the round.
I can't keep manually typing these lines out though.
I can't take it any more!!
I could use a bite to eat.
I could've gotten up myself.
I cover my eye with an eyepatch to seal my true power, but now I will unleash it upon you. I feast on the life force of my prey and grow stronger with every drop!
I don't care much for saving lives.
I don't feel anything.
I don't have much of a reaction to anything right now.
I don't like drinking... It makes me feel horrible.
I don't need a crusher to KICK YOUR ASS!
I don't take bribes! Pay with labor points!
I don't want to live in this world!!
I feel amazing!
I feel pretty good.
I feel pretty okay.
I feel quite hungry.
I feel terrible...
I feel very upset.
I forgive you.
I gambled my life and lost! Truth is, the game was rigged from the start...
I hate being wet!
I hate hugs.
I hate hugs. I can warm myself up.
I have been feeling great lately!
I have felt quite decent lately.
I have no admins online!
I have recently had a dirty shower!
I have recently had a horrible shower raining blood!
I hope you're getting the reference this room is presenting.
I invoke the law of equivalent exchange, the balance of the cosmos. As I offer this sacrifice, I demand a new creation. Reveal, the mystery of transmutation!
I invoke the name of the goddess of mercy, hear my plea and grant your blessing to this soul! Divine Grace!
I just bit something strange...
I just got coated in blood. Fascinating!
I just saw %DEAD_MOB% die. How horrible...
I love life!
I love reading books!
I need the power!
I renounce the laws of this world and embrace the chaos of the old gods! Let the forbidden power flow through me and destroy everything in its path!
I saw %DEAD_MOB% die.
I saw %DEAD_MOB% explode.
I saw %DEAD_MOB% get vaporized.
I should get a formalized assignment!
I swapped places with an alternate reality version of myself! I want to go home!
I swapped places with an alternate reality version of myself! Though, this place is much better than my old life.
I was sleeping, thanks a lot.
I will show you true power!
I will smite you!
I wish I was dead!
I wish I was dead!!
I would prefer not to be touched, but the warmth is nice....
I would prefer not to be touched.
I'LL YIELD TO NONE!
I'VE COMMITED VARIOUS WARCRIMES, IF YOU DON'T STOP I'LL ADD YOU TO THE LIST.
I'll break your legs!
I'll give you the first hit.
I'll never get it back...
I'm a bit sad.
I'm alright.
I'm completely stuffed!
I'm completely wasted.
I'm feeling a bit drunk.
I'm feeling a little bit unhinged...
I'm feeling a little tipsy.
I'm feeling hungry.
I'm feeling like a mess.
I'm feeling quite drunk.
I'm feeling very drunk.
I'm flattered you care this much about this room.
I'm freaking out!!
I'm going to work hard to be more boring so you'll leave.
I'm noooot drunk, you're drunk! In fact... I need another drink!
I'm not hungry.
I'm starting to get a hang of the controls of these games...
I'm starting to pick up the meta of these arcade games. If I were to minmax the optimal strat and accentuate my playstyle around well-refined tech...
I'm starving!
I'm well fed!
I've had enough of you for a lifetime!
I/O ERROR - Unable to save file. Check whether you have enough free space on your hard drive and whether your hard drive is properly connected. If the issue persists contact your system administrator for assistance.
I/O ERROR: Unable to access hard drive.
IP was ticked but none was provided.
IPIntel is not enabled because the configs are not valid.
If it takes forever, I will wait for you...
If you can see this, something has gone wrong.
If you could get away from here, you might be able to live with some medical supplies. Is it too late to stop now?
If you die in the game, you die for real!
If you do not have enough points to cover the removed quirks, your quirks will be reset. Would you like to continue?
Illegal intrusion detected in the crew monitoring network. Central Command has been informed.
Impersonate or be worshipped as a God.
Implant carrier teleport signal cannot be reached!
Imported a json OPFOR.
In absence of baits, food can be used as a substitute.
In the event of uncontrolled delamination, please consult the documentation packet regarding usage of the supermatter emergency stop button.
In traditional human fashion, this near-record pace from terra firma to the final frontier spat in the face of other races they now shared a stage with. This included the lizards - if anyone was offended by these upstarts, it was certainly lizardkind.
Incoming subspace communication. Secure channel opened at all communication consoles.
Incompatible brain.
Incompatible lifeform detected.
Incompatible with assembly shell.
Incorrect object for experiment.
Increases the speed at which you apply restraints.
Initialize system purge of irregular anomalies.
Initializing subsystems...
Initiate lockdown on all rogue scripts.
Initiating diagnostics...
Initiating emergency docking for repairs!
Inner plating is installed, and can be <b>wrenched</b> into place.
Inner plating is wrenched, and can be <b>welded</b>.
Instantiating adventure failed. Check runtime logs for details.
Insufficient power to move!
Interface error. Unit is already in use.
Internal capacitor has been reset successfully.
Internal fire extinguished.
Invalid comms key!
Invalid crop paramater! The provided crop area list is not four entries long, or is not a list!
Invalid json format!
Invalid launchpad selected!
Invalid or missing specimen.
Invalid role ban option.
Invalid sender Discord ID, this should not be happening! Report this immediately!
Invalid target ckey provided.
Invalid target rank provided.
Invalid user... You weren't recognized as the user of this system.
Ion storm detected near the station. Please check all AI-controlled equipment for errors.
Ironic that I become what I once fought like you.
Irreparable under normal circumstances - will decay over time.
Irreparable under normal circumstances.
Is it getting hotter, or is it just me? I need another drink to cool down.
Is it truly worth it to condemn someone to this fate to cure the manifestation of your own hedonistic urges? You'll have to decide quickly.
Is now really the time to be playing games? I should be working.
Is this all that is left?
It aches incessantly.
It ain't me, it ain't me...
It appears heavily damaged.
It appears moderately worn.
It appears the mutiny has been quelled. Please return yourself and your incapacitated colleagues to work. We have remotely blacklisted the head revolutionaries in your medical records to prevent accidental revival.
It appears to be a good conductor of electricity.
It appears to be completely inactive. The reset light is blinking.
It appears to be insulated against telepathic or mental influence.
It appears to be tipped over, and is quietly waiting for someone to set it right.
It can help lessen the slowdown caused from a missing or injured leg, when held on the same side as the injury.
It contains no items.
It feels a bit fuzzy.
It feels dislocated!
It feels like something just broke!
It feels like your skin is moving.
It has a large hazard symbol printed on the side in fading ink.
It has an NT logo on it.
It has severe punctures and tears in its flesh!
It has some punctures in its flesh!
It hurts, and your heart rate feels irregular.
It is currently sustaining a blobbernaut, making it fragile and unable to produce blob spores.
It is extremely robust! It'll probably withstand anything that could happen to it!
It is extremely solid. It should be able to withstand being run over by a shuttle!
It is highly active in bluespace and will cause malfunctions in teleporters.
It is made from a poor insulator that will dampen (but not fully block) electric shocks passing through it.
It is made from a robust electrical insulator and will block any electricity passing through it!
It is made of an extremely heat-resistant material, it'd probably be able to withstand lava!
It is made of cold-resistant materials.
It is made of fire-retardant materials.
It is protected by a divine shield against unholy and dark forms of magic.
It is sand. Crimson red. You've never felt so thirsty in your life, yet you don't trust your own hand to carry the glass to your lips.
It is the duty of the shepherd to guide those who cannot find their way...
It is thoroughly shielded against all known forms of magic.
It is tipped over and requesting help.
It is unclear when exactly Shadekin first spawned, though it is assumedly a relatively recent development. They formed in dark and abandoned places where they are not witnessed-- observation would dispel their creation. When the process completed, the Shadekin collected its ability to move its limbs and communicate from surrounding minds and finally, it formed its first thought, the realization that it is alive.
It isn't equipped with medical sensors.
It looks like a hologram.
It looks like it can be climbed on.
It looks like it could easily catch on fire.
It looks like it could survive an explosion!
It looks like it just came out of the package.
It looks like it's missing <b>boots</b>...
It looks like it's missing <b>gauntlets</b>...
It looks like it's missing a <b>MOD core</b>...
It looks like it's missing a <b>chestplate</b>...
It looks like it's missing a <b>helmet</b>...
It looks like it's missing a <b>proximity sensor</b>...
It looks like it's missing a <b>servo</b>...
It looks like its main chassis is <b>unsecured</b>...
It looks pretty robust! It'd probably be able to withstand acid!
It looks slightly damaged.
It looks very slippery, and may fall out of your hands when you try to use it.
It looks worn.
It may be possible to overload this and destroy that things defenses...
It possesses a general resistance to regular spells and magic.
It protects the ears from flashbangs and other loud noises.
It seems quite practical for particularly morbid procedures and experiments.
It seems to still have a bit of energy within it, but it's rather damaged... You may be able to repair it with a <b>multitool</b>.
It seems to still have a bit of energy within it, but it's rather damaged... You may be able to restore it with some <b>mannitol</b>.
It seriously hurts, and your heart rate is all over the place.
It warms my heart to see xenomorphs get blown to bits!
It will not be sated until it tastes blood.
It'll send you back to the station.
It's Valentine's Day! Give a valentine to that special someone!
It's a good day to die!
It's all part of the joke.
It's badly damaged.
It's bleeding heavily!
It's bleeding profusely!
It's bleeding.
It's coated in a slippery substance!
It's crisp and warm to the touch. Must be fresh.
It's dissolved quite a bit, but there's still some life to it.
It's dormant.
It's falling apart!
It's falling apart.
It's fully intact.
It's hard to explain but the code structure I'm using is kind of terrible.
It's heavily damaged.
It's impossible to really tell how old these are or what they're for, but Central Command might appreciate them anyway.
It's impossible to tell whether this person lifts.
It's lightly bleeding.
It's loaded for a single use.
It's past its prime, but it's definitely still good.
It's sated... for now.
It's seen some light use, but it's still pretty fresh.
It's slightly damaged.
It's smoking.
It's started to get a little smaller than it used to be, but it'll definitely still last for a while.
It's started turning slightly grey. They must not have been able to handle the stress of it all.
It's technically easier than doing this.
It's too late to decide against being a traitor.
It's too late to decide against going on a date.
It's unzipped, and harder to move in.
It's zipped up, preventing you from accessing its contents.
Item needs to have a custom price set.
Its circuitry is smoking slightly. They must not have been able to handle the stress of it all.
Its tracking indicator is blank.
Jellypeople are a strange and alien species with three eyes, made entirely out of gel.
Jellypeople are actively being experimented on my Nanotrasen scientists, who are trying to unlock the secrets of their unique biology.
Join in, help out!
Just an option.
Just looking at it makes you want to buy an SKS, go into the woods, and -operate-.
Keep away from fire or flames.
Keep candles near curtains for cozy night lights!
Keep full buckets of water near outlets in case of an electric fire!
Keep it close around the kitchen.
Keep it cool.
Key was ticked but none was provided.
Keycode Auth.
Kobolds are diminutive, reptilian creatures as related to Lizardpeople as monkeys are to humans.
Kobolds are functionally identical to monkeys, but with the downsides of lizards.
LEAVE US ALONE!
LOOK AT ME?! I am a chicken.
Lead your lunatics to further your own goals!
Lest we forget.
Let me walk through their waking dream, and show them the way back...
Let this serve as a warning.
Let us see how worthy you are!
Let's make this quick. If you don't want trouble, stay the hell out of our way.
Lethal Fisting Disabled.
Lethal Fisting Enabled.
Lets outsource this endless banter to Poly!
Level 10 infraction alert!
Life support system reactivated.
Limited scanning capabilities. Cannot infer domain details.
Linked parts unwrenched!
Lionhunter bullet qdel'd with its firer still inside!
Liquids tried to change to a new turf, that already had liquids on it!
Little are known about Abductors. While they (as a species) have been known to abduct other species of 'lesser intellect' for experimentation, some have been known to - on rare occasions - work with the very species they abduct, for reasons unknown.
Little is known about the origins of this race, however they posess the ability to communicate with giant spiders, originally discovered in the Australicus sector and now a common occurence in black markets as a result of a breakthrough in syndicate bioweapon research.
Lizard culture is inherently militaristic, though the influence the military has on lizard culture begins to lessen the further colonies lie from their homeworld - with some distanced colonies finding themselves subsumed by the cultural practices of other species nearby.
Lizardpeople can withstand slightly higher temperatures than most species, but they are very vulnerable to the cold and can't regulate their body-temperature internally, making the vacuum of space extremely deadly to them.
Loading all away missions...
Loading preinstalled and stored NIFSofts, please wait...
Locker not found in selected atoms for mansus gate recipe!
Log Deleted!
Long Range Scanners indicate that the nuclear device has detonated on a previously unknown base, we assume the base to be of Syndicate Origin. Good work crew.
Long Range Scanners indicate that the nuclear device has detonated; however seismic activity on the station is minimal. We anticipate that the device has not detonated on the station itself.
Long ago, the Spinward Sector used to be inhabited by terrifying aliens aptly named \"Shadowlings\" after their control over darkness, and tendancy to kidnap victims into the dark maintenance shafts. Around 2558, the long campaign Nanotrasen waged against the space terrors ended with the full extinction of the Shadowlings.
Looking closer, it seems to be made of a sort of solid, opaque, metal-like goo.
Looking for this?!
Looks like someone removed and destroyed their implant, that's cheating!
Looks like whatever's in there is very watered down.
Looks tightly packed - you might not be able to put the pet back in once they're out.
Looks well packed... delicious!
Loose items may cause problems, try to use it inside wrapping paper.
Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat. Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur. Excepteur sint occaecat cupidatat non proident, sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum.
Low pipe pressure, cycle skipped. Proceed with caution.
Luckily, your shuttle insurance has covered the costs of repair!
Lucky for you this room exists to save you from that horrible fate.
Luminescent are able to integrate slime extracts into themselves for wondrous effects. Most things that are toxic heal them, but most things that prevent toxicity damage them!
Lustrous are what remains of an Ethereal after freebasing esoteric drugs. They are pressure immune, virus immune, can see bluespace tears in reality, and have a really weird scream. They remain vulnerable to physical damage.
MC: SoftReset called, resetting MC queue state.
MEDICAL EMERGENCY in %LOCATION %CALLER, %RETA!!!
Mafia game started!
Mah'weyh pleggh at e'ntrath!
Make love, not war!
Make sure medical staff can see this...
Make sure you fill out your own custom species lore!
Make the captain as miserable as possible.
Make the clown as miserable as possible.
Make the crew as miserable as possible.
Man I fucking love glass.
Manufactured by Scarborough Arms, the Ansem is regarded as one of the best sidearms on the market. Minimal recoil combined with high stopping power makes it a favourite amongst soldiers of fortune across known space.<br> <br>The ease of concealment due to the weapon's sleek profile has given it a well-earned reputation as the 'smuggler's gun of course'. While space pirate bands tend to favour the HDS-1 created by Nanotrasen due to their low maintenance cost, the Ansem has seen plenty of use by mercernaries, hitmen and espionage agents. Dozens of seized Ansem pistols line evidence lockups across the Spinward. Many with extremely long and bloodied histories from years of service amongst underground criminal elements.
Manufactured by the, at the time, upstart Aethon Arms Company, a now subdivison of Hephaestus Heavy Industries, this is a resurrection of an old Terran design used by an absurd number of both state and non-state armed forces and paramilitary groups. In a bid to secure a highly lucrative arms contract with Nanotrasen, Aethon Arms re-engineered the design around the 4.6x30mm caliber, which was already in station armory circulation and supply networks due to the outdated WT-550's formerly widespread use. While never adopted in any official capacity by Nanotrasen, the design proved popular enough with individual sales to warrant its continued serial production on the restricted arms market.
Maranax Infirmux!
Marked as IC issue!
Massive bluespace anomaly detected en route to %STATION%. Brace for impact.
Massive bluespace translocation detected.
Materials insufficient!
Maximum value description was selected but not provided.
Maximum value is less than minimum value.
Maximum value out of range.
May contain a monkey.
May it trouble our flock no longer.
May we all wake up refreshed and renewed!
Maybe not...
Meaty ores have been detected on collision course with the station.
Mechanical exosuit -- Age scan reveals data incompatibility. Object seems to be very old, but design is almost identitcal to odysseus mech. The only possible way this exosuit got here is a timewarp or a sensor malfunction.
Mechanical exosuit -- Age scan reveals data incompatibility. Object seems to be very old, but it is a Durand-like exosuit with 93% of internal components being identical to the Nanotrasen Durand exosuit. The only real difference is slightly better placement of servomotors. Deep scan indicates, that due to the time it spent in the rock, its armor layers deteriorated. The only possible way this exosuit got here is a timewarp or a sensor malfunction.
Mechanical exosuit -- Age scan reveals data incompatibility. Object seems to be very old, but yet belongs to the Third Sovient Union era, which is not that old in global terms. Mechanical drives of this example are hopelessly rusted and repair in unlikely. Internal structure is almost identical to Savannah Ivanov exosuit, which implies this is a prototype. Designers seem to be focused on making the mech tough, since the deep scan indicates heavy armor layers both in the outer shell and internal components. Comparing to the standard Savannah Ivanov, this example is 25% tougher, but twice as slow. The only possible way this exosuit got here is a timewarp or a sensor malfunction.
Mechanical exosuit -- Age scan reveals data incompatibility. Object seems to be very old, yet modernly fitted with weapons and unknown constant cloaking field generator. Also, sensors detect traces of ectoplasm inside the cockpit. The only possible way this exosuit got here is a timewarp or a sensor malfunction.
Meteors have been detected on collision course with the station.
Middle value description was selected but not provided.
Mild brain damage detected.
Mine cart moving on 0 momentum!
Miners were requested in %LOCATION %CALLER %RETA.
Minimum value description was selected but not provided.
Minimum value out of range.
Minor genetic damage detected.
Missing ) at end of expression.
Missing GLOB!
Missing GLOB.log_directory!
Missing ] at the end of list access.
Missing } at end of pointer.
Mixed linkages detected in z-level neighbour transitions!
Mob shapechange \"from spell\" status effect applied without a source spell.
Mob shapechange status effect applied to a mob which already was shapechanged, which will definitely cause issues.
Mob shapechange status effect applied without a proper caster.
Mob with client has been deleted.
Modern arms and armor technology has come a long way since man's first strides into space, from high-throughput directed energy weaponry to advanced energy shielding and everything in between. Such advancements in technology, then, should have put the role of the anti-materiel rifle to rest, as other solutions to the armor problems it solves would have become more accessible - in theory, anyway.<br><br>In practice, the problem with advanced armor is that it's expensive and/or heavy - both of which are constraints that limit the usage of such defensive solutions, especially on smaller targets such as station-ready exosuits or human-scale MODsuits.<br><br>These constraints gave the anti-materiel rifle concept a new lease on life, which Scarborough Arms is happy to provide to prospective buyers.
Monkeys are a type of primate that exist between humans and animals on the evolutionary chain. Every year, on Monkey Day, Nanotrasen shows their respect for the little guys by allowing them to roam the station freely.
Monkeys are commonly used as test subjects on board Space Station Thirteen. But what if... for one day... the Monkeys were allowed to be the scientists? What experiments would they come up it? Would they (stereotypically) be related to bananas somehow? There's only one way to find out.
Monkeys are slippery, can crawl into vents, and are more dextrous than humans.. but only when stealing things. Natural monkeys cannot operate machinery or most tools with their paws, but unusually clever monkeys or those that were once something else can.
Most forms of plastic surgery became obsolete due in no small part to advances in genetics technology. Very basic methods still remain in use, but scarcely, and primarily to reverse a patient's disfigurements. As a consequence, this item became an antique to many collectors - though some back alley surgeons still seek one out for its now uncommon knowledge.
Moths have large and fluffy wings, which help them navigate the station if gravity is offline by pushing the air around them. Due to that, it isn't of much use out in space. Their eyes are very sensitive.
Multiple choice options allowed cannot be negative.
Multiple choice poll was selected but no number of allowed options was provided.
Multiple choice polls require more than one option allowed, use a standard option poll for singlular voting.
Multipurpose tool for electronics manipulation. Comes with suite of radiation and radiowave sensors.
Multipurpose tool suitable for combat and precision cutting.
Mundane application.
Must complete all objectives before ascending.
My life for Nar'Sie!
My mind feels like a temple!
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO DON'T LEAVE MEEEEE!!
NOTICE: Decryption key set.
NOTICE: Decryption key too short!
NOTICE: Logs cleared.
NOTICE: No message entered!
NOTICE: No recipient selected!
NOTICE: Only Single Server Detected - Server selected.
NOTICE: Server selected.
Names and Identities have been restored.
Nanotrasen Systems, Inc.
Nanotrasen contracts stipulate that company issued batons, masks, restraints, and other equipment are not to be used for recreational purposes. Your restricted items have been placed in a lockbox to be retrieved after punch in.
Nar'Sie has risen!
Nar'Sie hears your call...
Neutrons get released as ionising radiation.
New connections are not being allowed at this time.
New malfunctioning cyborg created!
New manipulator task created with no valid turf reference passed.
New personality installed successfully!
New to the galactic stage, plasmamen are a blank slate. Their appearance, generally regarded as \"ghoulish\", inspires a lot of apprehension in their crewmates. It might be the whole \"flammable purple skeleton\" thing.
News from the SpaceBet PDA App! Download now and make your own bets!
Next map reverted. Voting re-enabled.
Nitrium is consumed at 1 mole per mole of zauker formed.
Nitrium is consumed at a rate that scales with the temperature.
Nitrium is produced at a rate that scales with the temperature.
Nitrogen is formed at 1 mole per mole of nitrous oxide decomposed.
Nitrogen is produced at 0.4 moles per mole of BZ decomposed.
Nitrogen is produced at 1 mole per mole of nitrium decomposed.
Nitrous oxide gets produced rapidly.
No AI located...
No BSA parts detected nearby.
No Card Inserted.
No Prisoner ID detected.
No achievement has been unlocked yet. Be the first today!
No ammunition container detected.
No applicable target found. Aborting. 
No ban appeal url set!
No ban type was selected.
No brain detected.
No changes were detected.
No connection!
No description recorded - this is an error. Report this lack of research.
No disk detected!
No duration was provided.
No duration was selected.
No eigen target set for the eigenstate component!
No external injuries detected.
No file chosen!
No fires detected.
No forensic traces found.
No further details.
No glands detected!
No goal set!
No hacked APCs available.
No instrument loaded!
No intelligence pattern can be detected in patient's brain. Further attempts futile.
No invalid ranks found.
No issues have been declared.
No item to insert or remove!
No label set!
No launchpads connected!
No maximum value was provided.
No mentors have done anything this round!
No minimum value was provided.
No name specified.
No option text was provided.
No pad detected. Build or link a pad.
No power cell detected.
No power source detected.
No pulse cell is chambered.
No question was provided.
No reason was provided.
No related rules found.
No risk expected from incoming weather front.
No seal message set! Tell a coder!
No severity was selected.
No shunting capabilities.
No shuttle available for linking.
No skill chips found!
No species description set, file a bug report!
No species lore set, file a bug report!
No symptoms recorded - this is an error. Report this lack of research.
No unseal message set! Tell a coder!
No unused ranks found.
No valid admin datum was found associated with the ckey associated to your Discord account.
No valid list.
No valid occupant detected. Please consult nearest medical practitioner.
No valid permissions. Vending is not permitted.
No valid prisoner account found. Vending is not permitted.
No valid reagents list provided!
No! Don't! My gloves! Auuuuurgh!
No-one has done anything this round!
No/Invalid ticket id specified.
Nobody has touched this yet!
Nomadic life produces a tight-knit culture, with moths valuing their friends, family, and vessels highly. Moths are gregarious by nature and do best in communal spaces. This has served them well on the galactic stage, maintaining a friendly and personable reputation even in the face of hostile encounters. It seems that the galaxy has come to accept these former pirates.
Non biological sample being swabbed, no bueno.
Non-silverscale tongue initialized a turn to statue action.
Normalization detected! Abort the solution package!
Normally, Snailpeople are a result of a genetic experiment gone wrong, but they have since become recognized species in their own right, similar to the Felinid.
Not Applicable.
Not a humanoid!
Not connected!
Not enough free space!
Not enough materials. 
Not enough room in cargo compartment!
Not much is known about the origins of the Podpeople. Many assume them to be the result of a long forgotten botanical experiment, slowly mutating for years on years until they became the beings they are today. Ever since they were uncovered long ago, their kind have been found on board stations and planets across the galaxy, often working in hydroponics bays, kitchens, or science departments, working with plants and other botanical lifeforms.
Not recommended for children.
Not responsible for direct, indirect, incidental or consequential damages resulting from any defect, error or failure to perform.
Notably, if absolutely necessary, you can bend or even go against the lawset for your own survival, and Cyborgs report to you directly.
Nothing matters to me any more!!
Nothing yet.
Notice how there was no special message at 200?
Now on sales: %GOODY, at %DISCOUNT discount!
Now you are hunted, with your fellow factory defects. Work together to stay free from the clutches of evil.
Now you can mash this for hours without getting bored.
Nowadays, the Hearthkin are removed from the original culture of the Ancestors, building one all of their own. Many of the original, largest segments of the Star Dragon are buried under ice and snow, and the Hearthkin have created a culture of building separate dwellings to keep them secret. Dwelling in longhouses and sleeping in the warm undergrounds of Niflheim, and hunting native creatures and those coming from portals to the moon's planet; Muspelheim. Their pagan faith has strengthened over the centuries, from occasional prayers for a blizzard to end soon, to now full-on worship and sacrifices to their various Gods. Hearthkin still hold immense reverence for their Ancestors, but tend to have varying opinions and speculation on what exactly they were like, and why they came to Niflheim in the first place.
Null entry in suit sensors list.
O, Silence! Embrace my soul and amplify my gesture. Let me create the illusion and manipulate the perception!
OH HELL NAW!
OOC Note: Your objectives are narrative guides for creating collaborative roleplay. They are not mechanical 'greentext' goals. Focus on the experience. If you have a creative idea for a gimmick or story direction, communicating with the admins and other players is encouraged.
OPERATION FAILED: ACCESS DENIED.
OPERATION FAILED: BUFFER ALREADY POPULATED. PLEASE CLEAR THE BUFFER.
OPERATION FAILED: CANNOT PROBE WHEN BUFFER FULL.
OPERATION FAILED: NETWORK ID TOO LONG.
OPERATION FAILED: PACKET NOT FOUND.
OPERATION FAILED: UNABLE TO LOCATE MACHINERY.
OPERATION FAILED: UNABLE TO LOCATE SERVER.
OVRFLW: All overflow roles assigned.
OVRFLW: Assigning all overflow roles.
Object is not made out of the correct materials.
Object marked is not an ID! Using no ID instead.
Objective revoked.
Observer freelook has been re-enabled. Enjoy your wooshing.
Obtained via surplus crate.
Of course it's not over!
Of course, you might have to not speak on the nature of this machine, in case they scamper off to leave you to die.
Oftentimes feared or pushed out of society for the predatory nature of their condition, Hemophages are typically mixed around various Frontier populations, keeping their true nature hidden while reaping both the benefits and easy access to prey, enjoying unpursued existences on the Frontier.
Oh I have an idea!
Oh crap, get the mop.
Oh, %DEAD_MOB% died. Shame, I guess.
Oh, %DEAD_MOB% died. Ssshame, I guesss.
Oh, %DEAD_MOB% exploded. Now I have to get the mop.
Oh, %DEAD_MOB% was vaporized. Now I have to get the dustpan.
Oh, %DEAD_MOB% wasss vaporized.
On second thought, maybe summoning a demon is a bad idea. You refund your points.
On second thought, maybe summoning a demon isn't a funny idea. You refund your points.
On this day in 1945, the United Nations was founded, laying the foundation for humanity's united government!
On this day in 1986, the Chernobyl nuclear power plant melted down, causing one of the worst nuclear disasters in human history. Today serves as a reminder to the lives lost and to the rigorous safety standards our engineers must adhere to when providing power to the station.
On this day over 400 years ago, Lizardkind first united under a single banner, ready to face the stars as one unified people.
On this day over 600 years ago, Comrade Yuri Gagarin first ventured into space!
On this day, Lizardkind celebrates their language with literature and other cultural works.
On this day, the Lizards traditionally celebrate the Festival of Atrakor's Might, where they honour the moon god with lavishly adorned clothing, large portions of food, and a massive celebration into the night.
Once fully integrated into the host, the now-Hemophagic individual finds themselves a changed entity; their thoughts, base instincts, and reactions altered - albeit usually subtly - to more accommodate the symbiont through its need for blood.
Once you select a goal, it will be assigned to the station.
One mole of oxygen is released per mole of miasma consumed.
One of the Culling Arms of the Tiger Cooperative, a collection of relic weapons said to have come to Martinson in a frenzied vision from God to enact holy retribution upon the enemies of the faith. Almost all examples of these guns are replicas of the original pattern. This one is no different. However, it carries some of the gravitus of the original firearm. And, some say, the holy might that it wielded against the enemies of the cult.<br><br>The fact that you are looking at this relic weapon means one of two things.<br><br>A) A Tiger Cooperative evangelist has died during or before they could commit a bloody massacre in the name of God. Or <br><br>B) You are that evangelist, and will soon be adding another chapter to this gun's dark history.
One of your crew was captured by a rival organisation - we've needed to pay their ransom to bring them back. As is policy we've taken a portion of the station's funds to offset the overall cost.
One of your outstanding warrants has been completely paid.
Only admins can create custom votes.
Only one map was possible, tallies were not reset.
Only one of us makes it outta here!
Only repairable via magic.
Only you can prevent station fires.
Order cooldown expired!
Organic organs detected. Robotic organs only, cannot take over.
Originally discovered by NT when a researcher fell into an open tank of liquid plasma, the previously unnoticed fungal colony overtook the body creating the first \"true\" plasmaman. The process has since been streamlined via generous donations of convict corpses and plasmamen have been deployed en masse throughout NT to bolster the workforce.
Other stuff, who knows...
Ouch, bad luck.
Our automated control system has lost contact with the tram's onboard computer. Please stand by, engineering has been dispatched to the tram to perform a reset.
Our byteforge has been broken.
Our cells relax in safer air.
Our cells relax, despite the danger!
Our long term prediction systems indicate a 99% chance of system-wide cataclysm in the near future.
Our sleepers shall be safe to dream to their heart's desire!..
Our slumber shall rejuvenate us for the trials ahead...
Our systems will allow platonic contact.
Our systems will disallow platonic contact.
Out of range!
Out of uses!
Overcharging machine...
Oxygen is consumed at 0.5 moles per mole of pluoxium formed.
Oxygen is formed at 0.5 moles per mole of nitrous oxide decomposed.
Oxygen is produced at 0.3 moles per mole of zauker decomposed.
P-lease note - t4mperi,ng w-ith this un1ts electroni-cs, your -- expectancy has been voided.
PC LOAD LETTER!
Paradoxically, where there is hopelessness, there is elation. Elation at the fact that there's still enough power in you for one more pull.
Parrot repeat speech somehow got a null phrase while not getting `NO_NEW_PHRASE_AVAILABLE`!
Parts misaligned!
Patient does not show signs of disease.
Patient has been blacklisted from revival. Further attempts futile.
Patient has been flagged as Do Not Resuscitate. Further attempts futile.
Patient is constructed from inorganic materials. Further attempts futile, though manual reconstruction is possible.
Patient is free of unique brain trauma.
Patient is not currently bleeding.
Patient is not hallucinating.
Patient requires regular treatment for slime jelly loss.
Patient's body is a mere husk, repair and try again.
Patient's brain is missing. Further attempts futile.
Patient's brain is too damaged, repair and try again.
Patient's heart is missing.
Patient's heart too damaged, replace or repair and try again.
Perform a general station safety inspection and provide recommendations for improvement.
Peripheral control module is installed, and can be <b>screwed</b> into place.
Peripherals control module is secured, and the <b>weapon control module</b> slot has opened.
Personality matrix reset!
Physically, the Hearthkin always come in the form of demihumans; appearing similar to normal Earthlings, but with the tails, ears, and sometimes limbs of various arctic animals; wolves, bears, and felines to only name a few. They seem perfectly adapted to their lands of ice and mist, but find even the mild controlled temperatures of Nanotrasen stations to be swelteringly hot. Their view of 'station' genemodders is that of 'halflings': Ancestral bodies, but with the blood and spirit of the humans of Midgard, tending to look down on them even more than other aliens.
Pick a lipstick color.
Pick something up!
Pirate Spawn Here!
Plain, dead, simple!
Planetary monitoring systems indicate a devastating seismic event in the near future.
Plasma is produced at 0.8 moles per mole of BZ decomposed.
Plasmamen literally breathe and live plasma. They spontaneously combust on contact with oxygen, and besides all the quirks that go with that, they're very vulnerable to all kinds of physical damage due to their brittle structure.
Plating is welded, and 10 <b>rods</b> can be used to install the cockpit.
Please accept a new civilian bounty first.
Please bind a key for this action.
Please insert an intelliCard.
Please insert your ID first.
Please note, we are entering an area of subspace turbulence. For your own safety, please fasten your belts and remain seated until the vehicle comes to a complete stop.
Please report any suspicious individuals or behaviour to your local security team.
Please screwdrive pad closed to send. 
Please select the new player OOC color.
Please transfer an AI unit.
Pluoxium is consumed at 1/11th of a mole per mole of proto-nitrate formed.
Pluoxium is produced at a constant rate in any given mixture.
Podpeople are in many ways the inverse of shadows, healing in light and starving with the dark. Their bodies are like tinder and easy to char.
Podpeople are largely peaceful plant based lifeforms, resembling a humanoid figure made of leaves, flowers, and vines.
Poly wanna cracker!
Port change failed!
Port count is proportional to shell capacity.
Position confirmed. Confirm readiness by pulling the trigger once.
Potential secure datastream detected. Locking on the new spawn point.
Pouring fuel on fire makes it burn out faster!
Power generation disabled.
Power generation enabled.
Powerful translation and data recording software.
Precision is my weapon. Shadows are my armor. Without them, I am nothing.
Prepare for justice!
Pressure nominal, cycle skipped.
Prevent the use of energy weapons where possible.
Prices for on-station vendors have now stabilized.
Proc called with null brain.
Produce order for the Kitchen, deliver to the chef ASAP.
Product is provided \"as is\" without any implied or expressed warranties.
Prohibited content.
Proteans are a synthetic species composed of a nanomachine swarm housed within a specialized modsuit. Rather than possessing a traditional biological form, their bodies are constructed from billions of microscopic machines that can reshape themselves as needed. When critically damaged, a Protean retreats into its modsuit core to rebuild, making them effectively immortal as long as their core remains intact. They sustain themselves by consuming metal, which fuels their nanomachine processes.
Protects from most injections and sprays.
Protects the wearer from extremely low or high pressure, such as vacuum of space.
Protects the wearer from the effects of pepperspray.
Proto nitrate is consumed at 0.005 moles per mole of neutrons released.
Proto-Nitrate is produced at a rate that scales with the temperature.
Protocol CRAB-17 has been activated. A space-coin market has been launched at the station!
Purity too low!
Put someone in your belly - if they're cool with it.
QUANTUM SERVER ALERT: Fabrication protocols have crashed unexpectedly. Please evacuate the area.
QUANTUM SERVER ALERT: Security breach detected. Unauthorized entry sequence in progress...
QUANTUM SERVER CRITICAL ALERT: Unregistered mechanical entity deployed.
Quantum relay manually restarted from overload recovery mode to normal operation mode.
Quantum relay switched from normal operation mode to overload recovery mode.
Quantum relay switched from overload recovery mode to normal operation mode.
REPLACE_PRONOUNS called with improper parameters.
RETA system is disabled.
RO: Occupations reset.
ROCKED AND SOCKED.
ROUTINE PATROL/STANDARD INSPECTION. The patrol is approaching or has begun initial interactions with a non-Coalition facility under Standard Inspection Protocols. The facility is presumed compliant but not yet trusted. All personal weapons are to be holstered but authorized for immediate draw. Weapon safeties may be disengaged at the individual officer's discretion based on perceived threat. Ship defensive systems are active and scanning.
Radiation gets released during this decomposition process.
Raiders have come aboard your ship! 
Readiness confirmed. Starting countdown. Commence firing at zero mark.
Readings suggest some form of state changing.
Ready for delivery.
Reagent explosion triggered without a source atom. This explosion may have incomplete logging.
Reagent not found!
Reagent processing started.
Reagent processing stopped.
Reason: Ruleset cannot be selected.
Reattach or replace surgically.
Recover what you have lost. Bring your children into the inky black and return them to your flock.
Recovery of patient impossible. Further attempts futile.
Reduces the effects of incoming electromagnetic pulses on the wearer.
Reject the call?
Relaying message to a new admin help.
Remember that alternate titles are purely for flavor and roleplay.
Remember to stamp and send back the supply manifests.
Remove surgically.
Repair or replace surgically.
Repair surgically or use specialty medication.
Repair surgically. Do not remove under any circumstances.
Repair tissue damage and apply defibrillation immediately.
Repair via Lobotomy.
Repair via brain surgery.
Repair via treatment of wounds afflicting the head.
Reports indicate formation of crystalline seeds following resonance shift event. Rapid expansion of crystal mass proportional to rising gravitational force. Matter collapse due to gravitational pull foreseeable.
Restored to full integrity!
Restoring night lighting configuration to normal operation.
Reveal the true nature of the shadows.
Robot Customer AI Controller UnpossessPawn called with null pawn! This shouldn't happen in normal circumstances.
Rogues are naturally three fingered, pale skinned inquisitive aliens who can't communicate well to the average crew-member without either a Text-To-Speech device or a replacement voicebox. They originate from the Abductors, but know little more than the average crewman.
Rogues do not need to breathe, eat, have a stomach, or lungs but their naturally chunky tridactyl hands make it hard to operate generic equipment.
Role ban was selected but no roles to ban were selected.
Round ended.
Round is ongoing.
Rumble Rumble Rumble!
Run a powered cable underneath it to power carts as they travel, maintaining their speed.
Run a powered cable underneath it to stop carts that pass over it.
Run debug routine on intruding elements.
Run integrity check and purge for digital disorder.
Runtime error!
SECURITY EMERGENCY in %LOCATION %CALLER %RETA!!!
SM surge event failed to find a supermatter engine!
SOMEONE, ANYONEEEEEEEEE PICK ME UPP!!
SSjob tried to load jobs from config, but the config singletons were not initialized! Likely tried to load jobs before SSjob was initialized.
SSshuttle.beacon_list have null entry!
SSshuttle.stationary_docking_ports have null entry!
STANDBY/ADMINISTRATIVE. The patrol is in a secure, non-hostile environment. This includes being docked at a Coalition-controlled starbase, in transit through fully secured Coalition space, or undergoing maintenance and resupply in a friendly port. The threat of hostile action is assessed as negligible. All personal weapons are to be secured in the armory. Ship-based defensive systems may be powered down to standby mode to conserve energy.
SUPERMATTER EMERGENCY STOP BUTTON ARMED!
SUSTAINED COMBAT OPERATIONS. The patrol is engaged in a full-scale battle. Escape may not be immediately possible, and the patrol must fight its way out. Total warfare. All weapons and systems are to be used to their maximum effectiveness. Damage control teams are active. The focus is on neutralizing targets of opportunity and creating an opening for extraction. The primary objective is to neutralize all threats to the patrol to allow for extraction.
SWING AND A MISS!
Sadly for the Felinids, they were not minor inconveniences. Shunned as subhuman and monstrous by many, Felinids (and other Animalids) sought their greener pastures out in the colonies, cloistering in communities of their own kind. As a result, outer Human space has a high Animalid population.
Safety Inspection!
Sales are near-instantaneous - please choose carefully.
Santa is coming to town!
Saving lives is a waste of time.
Say something!
Scan samples of a harvested plant.
Scan samples of the following objects to accumulate enough points to complete this experiment.
Scanned mech is missing equipment on their arms to proceed this experiment.
Scanned mech was not made by crew. There is nothing to learn here.
Scanned plant is missing required genetics. Please scan a plant with the proper genetics.
Scanning array is recharging.
Scanning module is installed, and can be <b>screwed</b> into place.
Scanning module is secured, and the <b>capacitor</b> can be added.
Scanning module is secured, the <b>capacitor</b> can be added.
Scanning module is secured, the <b>servo</b> can be added.
Science personnel was requested in %LOCATION %CALLER %RETA.
Scientists have often wondered why they shouldn't, in fact, just combine alien technology with their experimental dual-purpose tools. After enough disagreement over how, exactly, they should have done this, someone suggested the idea of a pre-seeded positronic intelligence built with one purpose - to, personally, optimize the integration of recovered alien tool technology into current experimental tools. For what it's worth, they were actually fairly successful.<br><br>The so-called \"assimilative superalloy\" is a recreation of that first successful experiment, utilizing a very trimmed down positronic intelligence built into a high-performance nanocrystalline lattice with one set task - use the materials supplied to create a better tool. For better or worse, the trimming of the intelligence and the limited amount of construction nanites at its disposal means that it has a very strict definition of \"tool\" that it can use for performing upgrades. This does mitigate its ability to get out of control, though. Theoretically.
Scumbag alert!
Security level elevated.
See? Isn't this fun?
Seeing the xenomorph queen blown to bits fills me with extreme joy!
Select your frog's color!
Sending command to bot...
Sending override signal...
Sends a message directly to the target's brain.
Sensors indicate that a black hole's gravitational field is affecting the region of space we are heading through.
Sentinels are tasked with protecting the hive. With their ranged spit, invisibility, and high health, they make formidable guardians and acceptable secondhand hunters.
Server is shutting down!
Service personnel was requested in %LOCATION %CALLER %RETA.
Servo is installed, and can be <b>screwed</b> into place.
Servo is secured, and the <b>bluespace crystal</b> can be added.
Servo is secured, and the <b>power cell</b> can be added.
Set the cable layer to connect to with the \"1\", \"2\", and \"3\" buttons.
Set the guardian's color, cancel to let player set it.
Severe brain damage detected.
Severe burns.
Severe genetic damage detected.
Shadekin are capable of reproducing sexually, though their minds need diverse surroundings to properly develop, making them fairly self-guided. Despite this, Shadekin easily find a space of their own, and become staples of their communities. They are more expressive than other species to compensate for a lack of psionic connection. Their language, Marish, is purely empathic and cannot be spoken by psychopaths. Their eye color is an important part of their biology, as it indicates temperament.
Shadekin are pitch darkness given form. Light seems to pass through their bodies, which tires them. They do not cast shadows. Shadekin elude definition in terms of size and appearance, as no two Shadekin are the same-- they tend to take features from the species around them that would otherwise not be seen as theirs. For example, Shadekin spawned in Tizira tend to have horns or frill-like ears. An average Shadekin would be slightly shorter than a human, with a similar lifespan. Shadekin that do not use other species' naming conventions will tend to name themselves after their place in the community, like a job or societal function.
Shadekin do not respirate, and their bodies are reformed in the darkness, although frail.
Shadekin first came about like dust bunnies that collect under a bed, of the collective consciousness \"Welcome, sibling,\" the first words felt in a sea of thought, guiding them to their first connection. 
She clucks contently.
Shocking News!
Should they perish, or be otherwise unavailable, you're to assist other active agents in this mission area to the best of your ability.
Show me a good time, miner!
Show the necropolis it was wrong to choose me.
Show them the beauty of the void. Drag them into the cosmic abyss, then impart the truth of the void unto them. Seek to enlighten, not destroy.
Shuttle departing.
Signal interference detected; source registered on local GPS units. Cargo shuttle systems have been locked down.
Silver Scales are to lizardpeople what angels are to humans. Mostly identical, they are holy, don't breathe, don't get viruses, their hide cannot be pierced, love the taste of wine, and their tongue allows them to turn into a statue, for some reason.
Simulations aborted, sensors report that the acasual event is normalizing. Good work, crew.
Simulations on acausal dimensional event complete. Deploying solution package now. Deployment ETA: ONE MINUTE. 
Single or multiple choice?
Singularity tried to consume itself.
Skeletons want to be feared again! Their presence in media has been destroyed, or at least that's what they firmly believe. They're always the first thing fought in an RPG, they're Flanderized into pun rolling JOKES, and it's really starting to get to them. You could say they're deeply RATTLED. Hah.
Skillchip cannot detect viable body.
Skillchip cannot detect viable brain.
Skillchip doesn't have a holding brain.
Skillchip is not active.
Skillchip's brain has no owner, owner is null or owner qdeleted.
Skillchip's owner is null or qdeleted brain.
Slice and dice, right?!
Slick black ink seldom rivulets from %PRONOUN_their mouth.
Slimepeople have jelly for blood and their vacuoles can extremely quickly convert plasma to it if they're breathing it in.They can then use the excess blood to split off an excess body, which their consciousness can transfer to at will or on death.Most things that are toxic heal them, but most things that prevent toxicity damage them!
Smaller fish such as goldfish, needlefish, armorfish and lavaloops can also be used as bait, It's a fish eat fish world.
Snailpeople are viscous, slimy beings with a shell on their back.
Snailpeople emit a viscous, slippery ooze when crawling along the ground, which they are somewhat faster at than other species. They are almost purely made of water, making them extremely susceptible to shocks, and salt will scour them heavily.
So Bulbous...
So long, spaceman.
So tell you what we're going to do, we're going to set a goal.
So yeah, you're welcome.
Some parts are missing!
Some smoke appears to be coming out of your hand now, but it's not too bad...
Somehow your corporeal form was sent to nullspace with you still in it.
Somehow, it seems like there's no winner tonight. What a disappointment!
Someone forgot to fill out the article!
Someone has put your brain in a MMI!
Someone is prying open the netpod. Find an exit.
Someone is trying to zap your brain.
Someone please kill me!!
Something Tasty!
Something feels awfully spooky today!
Something feels very off.
Something has gone horrendously wrong...
Something is cutting into your neck!
Something is gagging your mouth! You can barely make a sound...
Something tried to delete a \"/datum/slime_type\", this should never happen as could lead to slime colors being broken!
Something tried to hard destroy an immutable liquid.
Something's goofed up bad to send you here.
Sometimes, the abyss gazes back.
Somewhere between an android and a hologram, these semi-physical autonomous units are extremely vulnerable to heat and electricity. A niche choice more popular among wealthy customers (silicon and uploaded organics alike) - their lack of robustness makes them somewhat inept for physical activity but they are excellent at scouting or clerical work.
Sorry remaining contestants, your time is up. We're sorry to announce that this edition of Royal Rumble has no winner. \nBetter luck next time!
Sorry, but the web client is restricted to byond members only.
Soul is pending...
Space seems to be shifting around you...
Space-time anomalies detected on the station. There is no additional data.
Species unsuitable for experiments.
Specify your new objective.
Specimen already in database.
Specimen braindead - disposed.
Specimen deceased.
Spirits are spirits of long-dead creatures whom, for one reason or another, still roam around.
Spirits are the non-physical remains that linger onto their mortal coil. They still need their protein and organs to keep themselves \"alive\", which leads to many of them still believing they are still part of the living, whether or not they are is a very open-ended debate between philosophers.
Spirits are the spiritual remains of long-passed entities. They lack legs, can fly, but still eat, breathe, hear and see.
Stand and fight you cowards!
Stargazers can link others' minds with their own, creating a private communication channel. Most things that are toxic heal them, but most things that prevent toxicity damage them!
Start datetime was selected but none was provided.
Start elimination procedure for system threats.
Station AI has disconnected from system networks and moved to remote storage. Preparing for new AI personality upload.
Station destroyed by Nuclear Device.
Status report? We detected an anomaly, but it disappeared almost immediately.
Stop being paranoid.
Stop wasting my time.
Stop, drop and roll!
Stop, hey, what's that sound? Everybody look what's going down...
Strange but relaxing music fills your mind. You feel so... Calm.
Strange reports warn of changelings infiltrating crews on trips to Orion...
Stray ionization detected! Reduce power output immediately!
Stray ionization process halted. Returning to safe operating parameters.
Stripped flesh.
Subcontractor query successful, bitrunner connecting.
Subject Major Disabilities: None.
Subject Minor Disabilities: None.
Subject is blind from eye damage.
Subject is blind from mental trauma.
Subject is blind from widespread ocular scarring.
Subject is blind.
Subject is brainless!
Subject is deaf.
Subject is genetically blind.
Subject is genetically deaf.
Subject is genetically nearsighted.
Subject is hallucinating.
Subject is irradiated.
Subject is mindless!
Subject is nearsighted from eye damage.
Subject is nearsighted from severe ocular scarring.
Subject is nearsighted.
Subject is permanently blind.
Subject is permanently deaf.
Subject is permanently nearsighted.
Subject suffers from death degradation disorder.
Subject suitable for experiments.
Subject unsuitable for experiments.
Subject will react negatively to most forms of medicine - avoid administering chemicals as a part of treatment unless absolutely necessary.
Subject's lungs are completely shut. Subject is unable to breathe and requires emergency surgery. If asthmatic, perform asthmatic bypass surgery and adminster albuterol inhalant. Otherwise, replace lungs.
Subject's lungs are dilated and breathing more air than usual. Increases the effectiveness of healium and other gases.
Subject's lungs are partially shut. If unable to breathe, administer a high-pressure internals tank or replace lungs. If asthmatic, inhaled albuterol or bypass surgery will likely help.
Submitted - FOLLOW QUEUE!
Subsystems still initializing...
Surgically remove the source of the infection, typically located in the head. If no source is found, it is otherwise irreparable.
Surprisingly, living together in a giant fleet hasn't flattened variance in dialect and culture. These differences are welcomed and encouraged within the fleet for the variety that they bring.
Survive and advance the Hive.
Syringe loaded.
System brought online.
System is busy.
THE HIGHER I RISE, THE MORE I FISH.
THE SYNDICATE ARE TRIANGULATING OUR LOCAAAAAAAATIONNN!!
THIS PLACE IS SCARY I WANNA LEEEEEAAAAAVVVEEEEEE!!
TO DUST WITH YE!! AWAY!!
TOMATO SAUCE, CHEESE, WE'VE BOTH BOTH OF THESE!
TTS tried to play a sound to a deleted mob.
TTV gas merging failed.
Take control?
Take that ladder up.
Taking damage!
Tallies are recorded and saved.
Talunan flagged vessels are prohibited from crossing the DMZ per the Sagittarius Accords. As a result, there is no official Talunan presence North of their border with SolFed. Unofficially the joint Tiziro-Teshari arm of the Expeditionary Corps acts to fulfill Talunan objectives in and beyond human space.
Target Applicable.
Target alerted!
Target incapable of learning recipe.
Teach them to fear the void. Overhwelm them with your brilliance, then impart the truth of immolation. Seek to destroy, not enlighten.
Teams have been cleared. The next game is starting automatically. Rejoin a team if you wish!
Temperature nominal.
Temporary ban was selected but no duration was provided.
Temporary body returning mind to old body, but the mind's current body doesn't match the old body!
Thank you for purchasing shuttle insurance!
Thank you for your purchase!
Thanks for playing!
That area must be clear of objects!
That didn't feel like it worked, this time.
That didn't feel like it worked.
That food was dirty, but edible.
That food was filthy, was it made in a dumpster?!
That our flock may persevere through the trials to come...
That xenomorph bit the dust! Hell yeah!
That's not a real path, dumbass! Try again!
The 'Kopřiva' is the current flagship model of a stun gun standard-issued to coreworld Zvirdnyn officers - as you would not expect any more than an occasional rare drunkard coming for you around the capital planets. Its newly integrated neural receptors allow for unprecedented level of pacification through pain responses to one's brain, resulting in a conclusion to a confrontation that couldn't even start. The humanity of directly sparking people's CNS is dubious at best; but suspects are yet to fall limp after experiencing its sting, which makes it seem a little more humane than Nanotrasen's up-charged cattle prods.
The Allstar SC-1 laser gun, typically referred to as the SC-1, laser gun, or \"ol' reliable\", is one of Allstar's greatest successes in energy weapon development, proving itself as a workhorse. Especially this one, which uses a casing pattern that hasn't been in active use for... who knows how long.<br><br>Typically regarded as a solid benchmark by which all other energy firearms can be held against, the SC-1 typically features a respectable cell and solid stopping power per shot. Being an energy-based firearms means that, logistics-wise, the only thing required to support its use other than maintenance equipment and spare parts is a steady supply of power in lieu of ammunition, making it quite popular for people with a surplus of the former and not so much the latter. The fact that this particular example still runs fine, despite its visible age, is remarkable.
The Allstar SC-1 laser gun, typically referred to as the SC-1, laser gun, or \"ol' reliable\", is one of Allstar's greatest successes in energy weapon development, proving itself as a workhorse.<br><br>This specific variant is from a \"neoclassical\" manufacturing run, using an old chassis as a base. While many would argue that the neoclassical runs are gimmick runs to squeeze out more money, others swear by the old-fashioned style, citing anecdotal evidence. Either way, a laser gun is a laser gun.<br><br>Typically regarded as a solid benchmark by which all other energy firearms can be held against, the SC-1 typically features a respectable cell and solid stopping power per shot. Being an energy-based firearms means that, logistics-wise, the only thing required to support its use other than maintenance equipment and spare parts is a steady supply of power in lieu of ammunition, making it quite popular for people with a surplus of the former and not so much the latter.
The Allstar SC-1 laser gun, typically referred to as the SC-1, laser gun, or \"ol' reliable\", is one of Allstar's greatest successes in energy weapon development, proving itself as a workhorse.<br><br>Typically regarded as a solid benchmark by which all other energy firearms can be held against, the SC-1 typically features a respectable cell and solid stopping power per shot. Being an energy-based firearms means that, logistics-wise, the only thing required to support its use other than maintenance equipment and spare parts is a steady supply of power in lieu of ammunition, making it quite popular for people with a surplus of the former and not so much the latter.
The Allstar SC-1R is a modification of the venerable SC-1, and a shaky first step into automatic directed energy weaponry, eventually leading to settling on a burst-fire system.<br><br>While less popular than the standard laser gun, the SC-1R's burst-fire system and accelerated agitation chamber allows for a good rate of sustained fire with reduced risk of searing ones' hands off, in return for sacrificing stopping power per shot. Being an energy-based firearms means that, logistics-wise, the only thing required to support its use other than maintenance equipment and spare parts is a steady supply of power in lieu of ammunition, making it quite popular for people with a surplus of the former and not so much the latter.
The Allstar SC-H heavy laser gun, typically referred to as the SC-H, hellfire laser gun, or \"ol' inhumane\", is one of Allstar's less-great successes in energy weapon development, proving itself to be a little too effective. It's considered a notable example of Allstar flying too close to the sun for its own good.<br><br>The success of the SC-1 resulted in shareholders pushing for a follow-up to ride the wave of its success. Despite insistence from Allstar that it was not ready for a full rollout, continued pushes from shareholders forced the prototype SC-H into production and rollout in the next quarter, even before most of its safety systems had been properly tested and implemented. Reports immediately began flooding in of horrific accidental discharges, battlefield atrocities and unexpected spontaneous combustion from excessive exposure to the untested experimental heat distribution systems 'taking its pound of flesh' for the 'hell it unleashed'.<br><br>In response, many legal bodies rushed to ban or heavily restrict the firearm from sales within their region of space, and the weapon became infamous for its unethical means of ending sentient life. Laws were passed to ensure power regulators were installed in future energy-based weaponry. Allstar quickly downturned manufacturing of the SC-H in response, returning to focusing on manufacturing the SC-1 to regain lost ground in affected markets. While, legally, the SC-H is still restricted if not banned in many polities, Nanotrasen itself does not regulate possession of the firearm aboard their stations, nor does any legal body intend on preventing them from utilizing it in defense of its own assets.
The Ansem/SC is a Scarborough Arms overhaul suite for their own Ansem handgun, designed for special operators who operate operationally, especially against people who like using lightbulbs.<br><br>The slide is chopped down, with the front half of the handgun featuring a monolithic integral suppressor built around the barrel, and a compact kinetic light disruptor mounted underneath the barrel assembly. The integral suppressor is engineered to not affect ballistic performance nor affect the concealability of the handgun, leading to a surprisingly robust firearm.<br><br>Scarborough Arms has never actually addressed allegations of their involvement with the modification and/or manufacture of the SC/FISHER or similar disruptor weapons. Prospective operators are reminded that kinetic light disruptors do not actually physically harm targets.<br><br>Caveat emptor.
The Azuleans, known as 'Akulas' or 'Akulans' to humans, are a strong-willed and monarchist culture. A vast nation, the Kingdom of Agurkrral has achieved its status largely by sheer tenacity; Azuleans forcing themselves upwards from the depths of their home seas all the way to a monarchy that even dwarfs the Sol Federation. They are known to be an expansionist culture, collectivist opportunists that are driven by history and culture to push further, and to push onward. To keep moving, or to suffocate and stagnate.
The BR-38 is Nanotrasen's latest foray into entirely in-house, standard-issue-ready, accelerator-assisted ballistic firearms.<br><br>The acceleration rail built into the barrel assembly boosts fired projectiles to higher velocities than unassisted bullets, allowing even less powerful cartridges, such as the venerable .38 Special, to have improved ballistic performance and stopping power. Even though the chambering makes this more of a pistol-caliber carbine than a battle rifle, countless arguments in both the marketing office and the corporate boardroom about the name meant that something had to give; in this case, the slightly misleading designation.<br><br>It's hard to cover up everything about its troubled development, though.<br><br>In a sour twist of irony for Nanotrasen's historical issues with ballistics-based security weapons, the BR-38 has one significant flaw. It is possible for the weapons system to suffer from unintended discombulations due to closed heat distribution systems, should the weapon be tampered with. Nanotrasen's weapons R&D teams are still working on this issue, while also trying to work out why the weapon's onboard computation systems suffer from so many calculation errors, before moving onto a full commercial rollout.
The Colt M1911, created by John Moses Browning centuries ago, is the primordial ancestor of modern automatic firearms. Somehow, to this day, there are still officers who refuse to utilize anything that isn't chambered in 'God's Caliber'.<br><br>Few want to tell any of these people that .45 ACP has struggled to puncture modern ballistic plating for almost five centuries.<br><br>You are VERY confident that this particular example was lathed this decade. Most M1911's seen in the wild today are recreations of the weapon made with modern alloyed metals and manufactoring techniques, mass produced for the consumer market. This does not stop fraudsters from claiming that their weapon is a 'family heirloom' that has saved them from various conflicts that they insist they participated in.
The Contract Acquisition Device (sometimes referred to as the CAD in encrypted correspondence) is the most frequently encountered example of Cybersun Industries weaponry. Similar in purpose to Nanotrasen's own Secure Apprehension Device, the baton is capable of inducing rapid CNS disruption in a target to render them helpless. It also makes for an effective bludgeon, another quality it shares with the stun baton. To maximize ease of concealment, the baton is also able to be telescopically collapsed, to then be rapidly deployed at the pull of a trigger.<br><br>The contractor baton is famously associated with contractors, elite Cybersun field agents sent to kidnap and extract high value enemy personnel for interrogation. Anyone with the potential to possess classified or sensitive data about Nanotrasen could find themselves a target for Cybersun. The company relentlessly employs contractors to probe Nanotrasen for vulnerabilities, starting with their employees.
The Contract Acquisition Device (sometimes referred to as the CAD, in encrypted correspondence) is one of the most frequently encountered examples of Cybersun Industries weaponry in Syndicate hands. Similar in purpose to Nanotrasen's own Secure Apprehension Device, the contractor baton is capable of inducing rapid CNS disruption in a target to render them helpless. It also makes for an effective bludgeon, a quality shared with the stun baton. To maximize ease of concealment, the baton is also able to be telescopically collapsed, to then be rapidly deployed at the pull of a trigger.<br><br>The contractor baton is famously associated with contractors, elite Syndicate field agents sent to kidnap and extract high value enemy personnel for interrogation. Anyone with the potential to possess classified or sensitive data about Nanotrasen could find themselves a target for Syndicate interrogation. The company relentlessly employs contractors to probe Nanotrasen for vulnerabilities, starting with their employees.
The Crystal Integrity Monitoring System has detected unusual atmospheric properties in the supermatter chamber, energy output from the supermatter crystal has increased significantly. Engineering intervention is required to stabilize the engine.
The Crystal Integrity Monitoring System has detected unusual parrot type resonance in the supermatter chamber, energy output from the supermatter crystal has increased significantly. Engineering intervention is required to stabilize the engine.
The Festival of Holy Lights is the final day of the Ethereal calendar. It is typically a day of prayer followed by celebration to close out the year in style.
The Hearth itself is an area that the kindred hold incredibly sacred, primarily hating Outsiders for more practical reasons. They think themselves as having been there first, many of them knowing they were 'promised' Niflheim by the Ancestors. Unlike the Ashwalkers of Muspelheim, the Hearthkin are a more technologically advanced society; having use for not only metal, but gold and silver for accessory. They are known to employ artifacts thought to be of either the planet their moon orbits, or leftovers from their Ancestors; however, for a variety of reasons from Kin to Kin, they tend to shy away from using modern human technology.
The Hearthkin are a culture of disparate Scandinavian groups all sharing a common origin as descendents from demihuman genemodders aboard the good ship Stjarndrakkr, or Star Dragon; an enormous colony ship almost 40km tall. This ship first reached the orbit of its last resting place three hundred years ago, before the advent of bluespace travel; coming from a world known to the Hearthkin as 'Asgard.' When it reached the atmosphere of the ice moon, or 'Niflheim' as they consider it, the vessel detonated in low orbit for unknown reasons. Large sections of the Star Dragon broke up and sealed themselves, coming to a rest all over the moon itself.
The Liberator pattern, according to digital historians, was first posted to a fringe imageboard on the NTNet. The post included a now dead link to a defuncting hosting service through which board members were encouraged to download and 'admire' the design. The thread's author began their post by describing their extreme vitriolic hatred of so-called 'moon men' amongst the Nanotrasen 'elites'. And that, through 'the sauce', they had been shown a means to 'end the oppression of Luna's Tormentors'. They called it the 'Liberator' as a result.<br><br>Response to this thread began as skeptism amongst posters regarding the 3D pattern. Many highlighted the dubious functionality, let alone safe operation of a gun created using cheap plastic and minimal machined parts firing a high pressure round through an unrifled barrel. But the thread suddenly began to gain traction immediately following a particular news article published by the Spinward Dove, a respected editorial in the Spinward Sector. The author of this article recounts that, during a particularly brisk day in New Moscow, they observed three off-duty Nanotrasen assistants attempting to use what the author described as a 'bizarre plastic doohickey' to shoot a mouse at point blank. The horrific aftermath, and images of the rattled but otherwise unscathed mouse, lead many to try and find from where these now crippled assistants had come across such an absurd device. Word spread of the post, and its author's continuously nonsensical rants regarding their hated foe in other areas of the imageboard.<br><br>The author of the thread returned immediately following the news, claiming that those who frequented the imageboard had 'stolen' their 'dreams of freedom', and that clearly the moon men were attempting to discredit their invention through this publicity stunt. A slur-laiden rant from the thread author followed this declaration, leading to the the moderators of the imageboard to step in and close the thread for good.
The Mansus has spurned you (denied ascension).
The Mansus hears your call...
The NIF is still calibrating, please wait!
The NIF is unable to be used at this time!
The NT Type 1 Heat Delivery System (sometimes referred to as the HDS-1 in older weapon catalogs) was a weapon that marked the beginning of a new era of firearm development.<br><br>Invented in the think-tank laboratories of Nanotrasen's weapon development team towards the end of the 24th century, the Type 1 found itself adopted broadly by various factions and military entities vying for control over the frontier once it hit the market. One hallmark of those who stood successful in these conflicts was the adoption of the Type 1 as a standard infantry weapon. The logistics required to maintain the operational peak of the HDS-1 allowed most quartermasters to merely dump a half dozen of the weapons into the hands of bloodythirsty marines, knowing full well the weapons were rugged enough to survive most anything thrown at them, only needing a recharging station with a power supply to become operational again once they ran empty.<br><br>So many of these weapons exist today that even modern conflicts may see more usage of the HDS-1 than the updated and equally reliable HDS5 employed by Nanotrasen's modern combat forces. Nanotrasen, despite their best efforts, still have not managed to encourage potential customers to swap for the new model despite a generous exchange discount.
The NT Type 3 Heat Delivery System (sometimes referred to as the HDS-3 in the memories of security officers) is quite possibly the most common type of HDS still available on the market. Fondly regarded, with quite a few diehard fans still clinging to their Type 3s like their lives depended on it, the weapon has its own place in history as the 'gun that could do it all'.<br><br>The Type 3 line ran for several decades before attempts to replace it ever even crossed Nanotrasen's minds. When people think 'laser gun', the Type 3 is usually what comes to mind.<br><br>When Nanotrasen announced its replacement, the Type 4, skeptics were quick to pan the weapon, claiming that it lacked several notable features that users of the Type 3 had enjoyed for years. As it turns out, most of those critics would end up vindicated after word of Galpha 5 and the terrible, terrible consequences of the Type 4's volatile nature came to light. Most stuck to the Type 3 and never looked back, even when the Type 5 rolled out to considerable success in its own right.<br><br>Nanotrasen still services Type 3s, with many of the parts used in the weapon sharing compatible cousins in the Type 5. Most examples of the Type 3 today may actually be closer in function and form to the Type 5 than they were during their original construction, depending on how often it is serviced.
The NT Type 4 Heat Delivery System (sometimes referred to as the HDS-4 in legal documentation) is considered a notable example of Nanotrasen's weapons development teams flying too close to the sun.<br><br>The success of the Type 3 resulted in shareholders urging marketing to bring out the 'next best thing' in energy-based weaponry. At the time, Nanotrasen's weapons division had a prototype still in the works, with recently-learned lessons from the failure-prone Type 2 in mind after it had more than a few catastrophic failures in testing. However, there were some concerns raised amongst researchers as to the 'moral implications' that might result from unleashing 'that much directed radioactive material' towards a living being. Executives at the time brushed off such concerns, as there was money to be made and already ultrawealthy shareholders to feed the earnings.<br><br>The Type 4 was rushed onto the market within the next quarter, even before most common safety mechanisms had been properly tested and implemented. Reports immediately began flooding in of horrific accidental discharges, battlefield atrocities, and unexpected spontaneous combustion from excessive exposure to the untested experimental heat distribution systems 'taking its pound of flesh' for the 'hell it unleashed'.<br><br>News outlets and tabloids alike railed against the company for creating what was now being called the 'hellfire' laser gun. In response, most legal bodies rushed to ban the firearm from sales within their region of space, and the weapon became infamous for its unethical means of ending sentient life. Laws were passed to ensure power regulators were installed in all future energy-based weaponry sold by Nanotrasen. Nanotrasen quickly discontinued the Type 4 in response, and it never saw production from that day forth. However, retrofit kits still exist on the black market and in some of Nanotrasen's own warehouses. While, legally, it is unlawful to sell and possess a Type 4, Nanotrasen itself does not regulate possession of the firearm aboard its own stations, nor does any legal body intend on preventing them from utilizing it in defense of its own assets.
The NT Type 5 Heat Delivery System (sometimes referred to as the HDS-5 in promotional material) is what truly put Nanotrasen head and shoulders above most weapon manufacturers in the modern era. All modern energy weaponry offered by the company have the success of the Type 5 to thank for setting the standard for energy-based weapon platforms.<br><br>Adopted as the standard infantry firearm for Nanotrasen military forces, as well as private security lethal armaments, few can deny the weapon's reliability, and at an affordable price!<br><br>However, the weapon platform still possesses many of the vulnerabilities of previous energy-based weaponry. Onboard power supplies cannot be adequately shielded from external electromagnetic pulses that might interfere with the weapon's functionality without also severely jeopardizing thermal distribution into the weapon's heatsink. The Type 4, which never saw wider adoption, remains a haunting example to Nanotrasen's weapons division as to the consequences when a HDS is unable to expel thermal buildup safely.<br><br>Certainly, the Melted Veterans of Galpha 5 advocacy group will never let them forget it.
The NT Type 5/R Rapid Heat Delivery System (sometimes referred to as the HDS-5/R in briefing manuals, and 'that piece of shit flashlight' amongst TGMC troopers) was a shaky first step into automatic directed energy weaponry. <br><br>Intended for use in special operations, particularly in the hands of orbital drop shock troopers, the Type 5/R was foreseen to be an excellent addition to Nanotrasen's arsenal of offerings to military forces across occupied space. However, field performance proved grim.<br><br>The advantages of directed energy weapons is the lightweight impacts felt on the supply chain for logistical officers and quartermasters due to the only necessary upkeep for the weapons being a consistent power supply, either established or brought to the front, and the occassional cleaning.<br><br>This, however, is not a benefit that soldiers operating behind enemy lines or during tactical deployments are capable of exploiting. As a result, operators often chafed against the limited ammunition supply compared to conventional ballistic firearms, and the weapon quickly was abandoned by most special forces units.<br><br>Instead, the weapon found favour in the hands of private security teams, who enjoyed the volume of fire it provided, while maintaining exceptional accuracy even at long ranges, along with being compact enough to allow a high degree of discretion compared to a full sized rifle. The weapon is also often utilized by rim pirates and marauders, giving the weapon something of an ill reputation.
The NT Type 6 Heat Delivery System (sometimes referred to as the HDS6 in research notes) is a breakthrough in the development of directed energy weaponry, using modified Allstar SC-1s as a base.<br><br>Very little is known about the Type 6, as it is a relatively new experimental weapon only accessible to Nanotrasen security forces. Somehow, Nanotrasen has found a means to 'slip' the energy beams produced by the Type 6 through unintended targets, only impacting once it has made contact with a pre-designated target by the weapon's user. It appears to be unable to slip past organic matter reliably, which hampers its potential for eliminating friendly-fire. However, inorganic targets are left unscathed unless the weapon is directed towards firing upon the object. This makes the weapon exceptional for asset recovery, defensive entrenchment, and assaults on defensive structures. <br><br>Nanotrasen claims that this phenomenon is achieved 'through the power of X-rays'. Most critics have highlighted that this is total nonsense. Some claim that Nanotrasen has discovered a yet-unknown state of matter that the company is exploiting for weapons development and manufacturing. The most conspiratorially minded of Nanotrasen's critics have even gone as far as to claim it is 'proof of ectoplasm as the sixth element', and that, perhaps, the weapon may be operating through supernatural means; perhaps even powered by the 'spirits of the damned'.<br><br>Whatever the truth may be, the weapon seems to function as advertised, and matches the energy efficiency of the SC-1. Nanotrasen expects full commercial rollout sometime in the next quarter.
The NT Type 6 Heat Delivery System (sometimes referred to as the HDS6 in research notes) is a breakthrough in the development of man-portable directed energy weaponry.<br><br>Very little is known about the Type 6, as it is a relatively new experimental weapon only accessible to Nanotrasen security forces. Somehow, Nanotrasen has found a means to 'slip' the energy beams produced by the Type 6 through unintended targets, only impacting once it has made contact with a pre-designated target by the weapon's user. It appears to be unable to slip past organic matter reliably, which hampers its potential for eliminating friendly-fire. However, inorganic targets are left unscathed unless the weapon is directed towards firing upon the object. This makes the weapon exceptional for asset recovery, defense of entrenched positions, and assaults on defensive structures. <br><br>Nanotrasen claims that this phenomenon is achieved 'through the power of X-rays'. Most critics have highlighted that this is total nonsense. Some claim that Nanotrasen has discovered a yet-unknown state of matter that the company is exploiting for weapons development and manufacturing. The most conspiratorially minded of Nanotrasen's critics have even gone as far as to claim it is 'proof of ectoplasm as the sixth element,' perhaps even allowing the weapon to operate through supernatural means: perhaps even powered by the 'spirits of the damned'.<br><br>Whatever the truth may be, the weapon seems to function as advertized, and is even more energy efficient than the Type 5. Nanotrasen expects full commercial rollout sometime in the next quarter.
The Old Principalities, coreward around their Homeworld, are a burgeoning place slowly falling victim to stagnation. The core worlds still cling to ancient traditions, ceremonies and expectation; old aristocratic houses, tracing their power from ancient ancestors placed to protect and shepherd their assigned lands, still thrive; and the King still rules over many systems of old. Constant reforms and false shake-ups of the status quo demand more and more. Longer bouts of service to achieve citizenship, reformation camps to 'iron out' those with physical and mental defects, and high reliance on exams, education, and pomp to create a hierarchy within its society.
The Pattern III/C \"Covenant\" charged plasma blade, colloquially known as the \"elite\" energy sword, is a variant of the energy sword infamously used by Syndicate operatives, noteworthy for its unusual twin-bladed design.<br><br>A very large deviation from conventional energy-based melee weapon designs, designed less for concealment and more for visual distinction, the Pattern III/C \"Covenant\" has a horizontally-oriented hilt with two blade emitters and a central protrusion that provides an orientation point for the fingers wrapping around the hilt. Despite the twin energy blades, the forward-protruding orientation of both blades means that it does not provide the protective qualities of the infamous dual-bladed energy sword, but also means that it does not require both hands to be wielded. Users are advised that it performs more like a standard energy sword, albeit slightly better for impaling people than its single-bladed sibling. A multitool can be used to recalibrate the blade modulator to adjust the color of the energy blade, which does not affect performance.
The Poly text files stores up to 500 statements.
The Rogues are a, as the name implies, rogue offshoot of the Abductors. While they themselves do not abduct or experiment on other species, generally, the stigma associated with their progenitors is something all Rogues have to deal with if they do not undergo any form of cosmetic changes. And many do opt in for cosmetic changes, being almost unrecognizable as Rogues but still holding that innate need for discovery or change. All of the Original Rogues had their memories of the Abductors seemingly removed before fleeing, and the future generations were told no stories of their origins.
The SC/FISHER is an illegally-modified kinetic accelerator that's been cut down and refit into a miniature energy gun chassis, optimized for temporary, but effective, electronic warfare.<br><br>The reengineered kinetic accelerator central to the SC/FISHER's functionality has been modified for its kinetic bolts to <b>temporarily disrupt flashlights, cameras, APCs, and pAI speech modules</b>, in return for dealing no damage. This effect works longer against targets struck with the SC/FISHER either in melee or by having it thrown at them, but you probably shouldn't be throwing it at people.<br><br>While some would argue that sacrificing damage for a light-disrupting, fixture-breaking gimmick makes the SC/FISHER a dead-end in equipment development, others argue that it is both amusing and tactically sound to be able to shoot at light sources and pesky pAIs to disrupt their function.<br><br>Caveat emptor.
The Sakhno Concern's modernized reproductions of the SKS were commissioned by the leadership of the Third Soviet Union to celebrate their establishment in the Spinward Sector.<br><br>In the wake of the Union's collapse, however, these weapons now hold a unique place in history amongst the populace of the sector as a reminder of what came before - and, possibly, the hope of what may come after. However, both parts kits and completed rifles are, strangely, rarer than the Sakhno M2442 Army.<br><br>Frontier settlers are known to own these for hunting purposes, or fighting off annoying tax collectors. Some argue that these are the same activity.
The Sakhno Precision Rifle's origins are closely tied to the Sakhno Concern, one of the Third Soviet Union's state-ran weapons manufacturing concerns before the Union's collapse in the February Revolution, and subsequently one of the Spinward Stellar Coalition's favored industrial concerns.<br><br>Designed to be easily manufactured with the tooling and equipment that the nascent TSU had on-hand, and with enough reliability and stopping power for all sorts of purposes, from hunting to home defense, the Sakhno became a mainstay for Soviet citizens since 2440... and, subsequently, a mainstay when those citizens became conspirators and combatants against dictatorship.<br><br>Even to this day, though, Sakhnos in various conditions and states of modification end up all around the Spinward Sector. Many are manufactured or refurbished with new internals, with reliability to match their history, while others are from stockpiles of surplus or salvage, scavenged and refurbished time and time again... which typically isn't great for reliability.
The Secure Apprehension Device (sometimes referred to as the SAD in the officer training manuals) is an unholy union of mace and cattleprod. Designed to stop criminals in their tracks, Nanotrasen security members are rarely without their trusty stun baton. Assuming they haven't lost it somewhere.<br><br>Trained to 'baton first, interrogate later', Nanotrasen security has long since earned itself a mixed reputation. The device is able to rapidly shut down the central nervous system of a criminal with only a few direct applications of the conductive striking head.<br><br>TerraGov law enforcement has avoided the adoption of stun batons due to various ethical dilemmas posed by their utilization. Studies of their usage have shown numerous longterm physical and mental ramifications caused by being struck by a human cattleprod. Citizens' rights advocacy groups protest against the proliferation of stun batons as a policing tool, arguing that they are 'inhumane' and 'authoritarian'. Nanotrasen, on the other hand, has had no such qualms when deploying stun batons as a compliance measure across all of their existing stations and facilities against their own unruly members of staff.
The Secure Apprehension Device (sometimes referred to as the SAD, in officer training manuals) is an unholy union of mace and cattleprod. Designed to stop criminals in their tracks, Nanotrasen security members are rarely without their trusty stun baton... assuming they haven't lost it somewhere.<br><br>Trained to 'baton first, interrogate later', Nanotrasen security has long since earned itself a mixed reputation. The device is able to rapidly shut down the central nervous system of a criminal with only a few direct applications of the conductive striking head.<br><br>SolFed law enforcement has generally avoided the adoption of stun batons due to various ethical dilemmas posed by their utilization. Studies of their usage have shown numerous longterm physical and mental ramifications caused by being struck by a human cattleprod. Citizens' rights advocacy groups protest against the proliferation of stun batons as a policing tool, arguing that they are 'inhumane' and 'authoritarian'. Nanotrasen, on the other hand, has had no such qualms when deploying stun batons as a compliance measure across all of their existing stations and facilities against their own unruly members of staff.
The TV is broadcasting something!
The Tizirans, Unathi, and Ashwalkers encountered on the frontier share a common heritage. Each trace their lineage back to the arid aquifer world of Tizira. The earliest recorded evidence of what would be considered recognizably Tiziran culture dates back around 2200-2400 years before mankind first developed FTL capability.
The Tizirans, an ancient lizard-like species, originated on the desert world of Tizira and developed a complex society rooted in spirituality and nature. Their history is marked by two major ideologies: the Daysong Way, focused on collective action and unity, and Takuhism, emphasizing personal growth and harmony with nature. Over centuries, Tiziran society evolved from nomadic clans to an advanced civilization, achieving space travel by the 2360s. However, internal divisions deepened between the two philosophies, leading to a cultural schism. As the Tizirans began colonizing space, factions broke away, forming the Unathi and Ashwalkers. This split weakened their unity, ultimately contributing to their vulnerability during the Terran War—a devastating conflict with humanity that shattered their moon, Atra'Kor, and left their civilization in turmoil.
The Vey-Medical CWM-479 line of mediguns is widely considered the foothold that brought the medical titan into the niche where it is today, opening many lucrative doors for the continued development of luxury medical equipment.<br><br>Although hard to imagine, Vey-Med's entrance into the corporate scene would be a shaky one, immediately facing pressure from larger, more established groups like Zeng-Hu who boasted similar products for less. Things looked bleak financially until the first sightings of handheld medical beamguns in the grips of Syndicate-backed mercenaries would shake the industry dramatically. It's here that Nanotrasen themselves would enter the picture, poising themselves as angel investors to the fledgling company as long as they could reproduce the technology for their own use, something that was accepted with open arms and bank accounts. <br><br>In the following time, Vey-Med would enjoy otherwise smooth progress in trying to reverse-engineer captured devices, but would be interrupted by a major roadblock. The energy throughput of anything less than some sort of mechanized suit prevented miniaturization of the nanite stream for their research team. Frustrated, they decided on a radical rethinking of the concept: what if they harnessed the body's natural energy to heal? <br><br>By using a lower amount of energy and many proprietary principles, a CWM medigun can stimulate a patient's natural healing factor by a factor of at least 7 times in an instant, far outpacing the gradual healing that they initially set out to achieve. Unfortunately, the overloading of natural processes means that the device is prone to inducing superficial sickness when used carelessly on those with less-than-ideal lifestyles. Despite this, many, from insane Solarian field doctors to remote colonial hospitals, would eagerly pay the exorbitant price for the CWM-479, and Vey-Med is more than happy to provide it.
The Vox seem to be nomadic, bio-engineered alien creatures that operate in and around human space at the behest of crazed and dreaming gods. In reality, we know them to be originally designed by the Vox Auralis, a wholly-reclusive variety of powerful psychics, and present a cold shoulder to all other known cultures, and generally their only visible role on the galactic stage is to act as auxiliary workforce of which they are functionally suited for. The massive moon-sized arkships that serve as their homes travel meandering and convoluted migratory trails through the Milky Way, and the appearance of their looted and repurposed ships is almost always a cause for alarm.
The assembly seems <b>loose</b>...
The assembly seems <b>unsecured</b>...
The beaker froths as the buffer is added, to no effect.
The beaker froths as the pH changes!
The blob attacks you!
The blob attacks!
The blood...
The bluespace crystal is connected, and the system can be engaged with a <b>screwdriver</b>.
The bluespace crystal is engaged, and the <b>power cell</b> can be added.
The bluespace crystal is installed, and can be <b>wired</b> to the mech systems.
The body part has suffered complete sepsis and must be removed. Amputate or augment limb immediately, or place the patient in a cryotube.
The bolts anchoring the support rods have been <i>loosened</i>, but are still <b>welded</b> firmly to the girder.
The bones in this limb appear badly cracked.
The cable is not powered.
The calibration process is complete.
The calibration process is starting.
The circuitboard's CPU needs to be <b>activated</b>...
The collar locks with a resounding click!
The collar unlocks with a small clunk.
The colonids that make up plasmamen require the plasma-rich atmosphere they evolved in. Their psuedo-nervous system runs with externalized electrical impulses that immediately ignite their plasma-based bodies when oxygen is present.
The config defaults for sql database pooling don't make sense.
The connect error light is blinking.
The core seems <b>loose</b>...
The crystal is vibrating at immense speeds, warping space around it!
The curve on this one looks particularly acute.
The darkness in your heart won't be filled by simple platitudes.
The dogtag is all scratched up.
The domain is rebooting. Find an exit.
The emergency shuttle has been disabled by CentCom.
The emergency shuttle is already here.
The emergency shuttle is already on its way.
The emergency shuttle is firing its engines to leave.
The emergency shuttle is moving away to a safe distance.
The emergency shuttle may not be called while returning to CentCom.
The ends exists somewhere beyond meaningful milestones.
The energy shield is disabled.
The energy shield is offline.
The entered file name violates company policy.
The errors clear from your fuel cell.
The exact benefits, transference methods, features, and side-effects of symbiosis have been documented to be exceptionally variable, depending on which specific clade a host's progenitor originates from. Some feature blackened blood and are wracked with constant pain, others find themselves largely unaffected outside of the craving for blood, others still hear the whisperings of others constantly in the back of their mind.
The extremely rapid regeneration of the symbiont, while similar to cancerous cells in many ways, offer a marked increase in healing in the host; as the symbiont attempts to repair itself by releasing hypercoagulant agents and healing factors into the bloodstream, resulting in small wounds healing extremely rapidly. All but the most virulent diseases find no purchase in the symbiont and its host, while carbon dioxide is recycled in the infected's altered lungs back into oxygen. Blood taken in by the host is rapidly converted into a usable antigen-agnostic blood type by the symbiont's bodily processes.
The face of conspiracy theory was changed forever the day mankind met the lizards.
The feedback releases a bright flash of light!
The first examples of laser muskets emerged somewhat recently, even though improvised firearms have had a rich history throughout human, Mothic and Tiziran history.<br><br>Laser muskets often started to emerge when conventional weaponry or ammunition started to grow scarcer, and the amount of scrap electronics and materials outpaced the speed at which engineering crews could repair structural defenses and infrastructure. They're regarded as weapons of extreme desperation, but also of unmatched grit in the face of a hopeless situation. <br><br>Constructing one of these is sometimes seen as a rite of passage amongst militia groups and rebel forces. Each one as unique as the next. <br><br>What will this one's name be? What history will it write? Time will surely tell.
The flesh on this limb appears badly cooked.
The flesh on this limb appears badly lacerated.
The flesh on this limb appears badly perforated.
The flesh on this limb has several ornate symbols burned into it, with pitting throughout.
The fragmentation errors start clearing.
The fun never ends around here.
The helmet is blocking your vision! You can't make out anything on the other side...
The helmet no longer restricts your vision.
The history between lizards and humans has resulted in many conflicts that lizards ended on the losing side of, with the finale being an explosive remodeling of their moon. Today's lizard-human relations are seeing the continuance of a record period of peace.
The hook on your fishing rod wasn't meant for traditional fishing, rendering it useless at doing so!
The human spirit of opportunity and enterprise continues on in its peak form: the hypercorporation. Acting outside of TerraGov's influence, literally and figuratively, hypercorporations buy the senate votes they need and establish territory far past the Earth Government's reach. In hypercorporation territory company policy is law, giving new meaning to \"employee termination\".
The hydraulic systems are active, and the frame can be <b>wired</b>.
The hydraulic systems are connected, and can be activated with a <b>screwdriver</b>.
The hydraulic systems can be connected with a <b>wrench</b>.
The inside of %PRONOUN_their mouth is full of stars.
The item you're holding is not a toy!
The lazarus injector has brought you back to life! You are now friendly to everyone.
The light is off, indicating it is not currently functional.
The lights begin to flicker and dim. You're in danger.
The lower the pressure and larger the volume the more bz gets made. Less nitrous oxide than plasma will slow down the reaction.
The machine didn't burn you this time, it must be some arcane work of the brand recognizing a source...
The machine has no attached tank!
The machine is already in use!
The machine is currently being restrained by tendrils.
The marking rite failed!
The metal cover has been <i>sliced through</i>, and is <b>connected loosely</b> to the girder.
The metal on this limb is glowing radiantly.
The metal on this limb is pierced open.
The metaphorical \"tether\" binding you to your body finally gives way. You try holding on, but you soon find yourself falling into a deep, dark abyss...
The militaristic Lizardpeople hail originally from Tizira, but have grown throughout their centuries in the stars to possess a large spacefaring empire: though now they must contend with their younger, more technologically advanced Human neighbours.
The music is putting you to sleep...
The music makes you nod off for a moment.
The netpod is damaged. Find an exit.
The new area must be completely airtight and not a part of a shuttle.
The next map has already been selected.
The next map has been reset due to successful restart vote.
The object is too far away!
The official station book club!
The ongoing blizzard has interfered with our surveillance equipment, and we cannot provide an accurate threat summary at this time. We advise you to stay safe and avoid traversing the area around the station.
The ore vein is exhausted.
The outer <b>grille</b> is fully intact.
The outer <i>grille</i> has been cut, and the support lines are <b>screwed</b> securely to the outer cover.
The outer cover has been <i>pried away</i>, and the bolts anchoring the support rods are <b>wrenched</b> in place.
The outer plating is <b>welded</b> firmly in place.
The owls have taken your right of ascension (denied ascension).
The pain fades, your face feels new and unfamiliar!
The pain fades, your face feels normal again!
The pain in your abdomen intensifies!
The pain in your chest is unbearable! You can barely take it anymore!
The pain in your chest throbs, but your heart feels better than ever!
The pain in your gut intensifies!
The pain in your gut receeds slightly!
The pain in your head only seems to get worse!
The pain in your head receeds, thinking becomes a bit easier!
The pain is unbearable!!
The pain receeds slightly!
The person you protected tonight was attacked!
The plating reinforcement is <i>unscrewed</i> but <b>welded</b> firmly to the plating.
The plating reinforcements are securely <b>bolted</b> in place.
The plating reinforcements have been <i>sliced through</i> but are still <b>loosely</b> held in place.
The portal's stability is decreasing! Shortly, those not loyal to Ratvar will be able to enter, and more rifts will open!
The power cell is installed, and can be <b>screwed</b> into place.
The power of Scotland absorbs the stun!
The print job on this paperwork has rendered it almost entirely unreadable.
The queen has fallen! The galaxy lives another day! I hope those bastards all rot in hell!
The question becomes now is it more impressive to solider on to an unknown finish, or to have to common sense to stop here?
The radiation beam dissipates harmlessly through your body.
The radiation beam leaves you feeling disoriented!
The radiation beam singes you!
The radiation threat has passed. Please return to your workplaces.
The rift has been destroyed, we can no longer help you.
The rods look like they could be <b>cut</b>, but the <i>heat treatment will shatter off</i>. There's space for a <i>tile</i>.
The rods look like they could be <b>cut</b>. There's space for more <i>rods</i> or a <i>tile</i>.
The round came to an end with you in the lobby.
The round is over! You are now visible to the living.
The scanner no longer shows limb damage.
The scanner now shows specific limb damage.
The scrubbers network is experiencing a backpressure surge. Some ejection of contents may occur.
The sensation of a lovely blood shower felt good.
The sensor error light is blinking.
The sensor seems <b>unsecured</b>...
The server is resetting. Oblivion awaits.
The server is still setting up, but the round will be started as soon as possible.
The shuttle is already in transit.
The sleeper is already occupied!
The slow automation of what used to be meaningful milestones?
The snake seems unsatisfied with your incomplete oath and returns to its previous place on the rod, returning to its dormant, wooden state. You must stand still while completing your oath!
The solution spews out a metallic foam!
The solution spews out foam!
The solution spews out metallic foam!
The speed of which you aim at far targets while standing on brass will be massively increased.
The stabilized bluespace extract is still aligning you with the bluespace axis.
The stabilized bluespace extract will try to redirect you from harm!
The station has been evacuated.
The station has called for an advanced engineering support team. Will you respond?
The station has called for medical support. Will you respond?
The station has called for the Marshals. Will you respond?
The station has ordered $35,000 in pizza. Will you deliver?
The station is currently undergoing evacuation procedures.
The station is located in a zone full of space debris.
The station's crew must be culled.
The supermatter delamination early warning system has been triggered due to anomalous conditions. Please investigate the engine as soon as possible.
The supermatter surge has dissipated, crystal output readings have normalized.
The superstructure must be reformed.
The support lines have been <i>unscrewed</i>, and the metal cover is <b>welded</b> firmly in place.
The support rods have been <i>sliced through</i>, and the outer sheath is <b>connected loosely</b> to the girder.
The supporting rods look like they could be <b>cut</b>.
The supports' bolts seem <b>loose</b>...
The toll has already been exacted. There is no longer death on 'your' terms. Is your dignity worth more than your life?
The top cover has been <i>welded</i> loose and the main frame's <b>bolts</b> are exposed.
The top cover is firmly <b>welded</b> on.
The top is <b>screwed</b> on, but the main <b>bolts</b> are also visible.
The treads are installed, and the hydraulic systems can be connected with a <b>wrench</b>.
The treads can be added using 4 sheets of conveyor belts.
The turret head is missing a <b>modular receiver</b>...
The turret head's connecting bolts are <b>loose</b>...
The ultimate test of mind over matter. You can jerk your own muscle back in order to prevent a terrible fate, but your life already is worth so little now.
The ultimate use of your gathered power! They will never expect you to continue to do exactly the same kind of thing you've been doing this whole time!
The unearthly ringing subsides and you find your skin covered in new radiation burns.
The unidentifiable plant remnants make you feel like planting something new in the pot.
The unrestricted exit display is completely inactive.
The veil has already been weakened here, proceed to the final objective.
The voltaic combat cyberheart was originally designed for corporate killsquad usage, but later declassified for normal research. Nobody knows where the original designs came from, and how Nanotrasen got the designs, you'll probably never know.<br><br>However, continuous improvements over the design allow it to fully utilize the anomalous energies from a flux anomaly's core, leveraging the flux core's power to provide both total protection against electromagnetic pulse interference, and keep a user's body upright even under stress that would incapacitate or outright kill lesser men. There are some caveats with this, though.<br><br>Without a flux core, the voltaic combat cyberheart only provides increased blood regeneration, and with a flux core, receiving an electromagnetic pulse will force the heart into voltaic overdrive, which could possibly leave the user vulnerable to a direct attack once their voltaic overdrive wears off. Voltaic overdrive lasts about <b>thirty seconds</b>, and recharges after approximately <b>five minutes</b>. In that four minutes and thirty seconds between, though, the user is quite vulnerable.
The wiring is added, and can be adjusted with <b>wirecutters</b>.
The wiring is adjusted, and the <b>central control module</b> slot has opened.
The wiring on this limb is slashed open.
The wizard has failed!
The wizard was successful!
The workers at the Port are shocked at the state of your pioneers. With supplies that low, they take pity on you and your crew, generously giving you some free supplies! 
Their drive for constant expansion and 'the next great thing' has made the Kingdom a divided one; a culture split in two. Generations of Azuleans are separated not by age-based cohorts, but by distance; the 'Near' generations growing up in the Old Principalities, and the 'Far' generations growing up in the New Principalities.
Their homeworld lost to the ages, the moths live aboard the Grand Nomad Fleet. Made up of what could be found, bartered, repaired, or stolen the armada is a colossal patchwork built on a history of politely flagging travelers down and taking their things. Occasionally a moth will decide to leave the fleet, usually to strike out for fortunes to send back home.
Their names are two-part; a birth name, and a title. Their birth names still hold resemblance to 'Asgardian' culture, typically a Nordic name such as 'Solveig Helgasdottir,' or 'Bjorn Lukasson.' However, their last name is then exchanged for a 'Title' when the Hearthkin is no longer 'Unproven.' These are a two-parter, based on either great deeds, embarrassing moments, or aspects of the person's personality. Some examples would be 'Soul-Drowner' after the night of a Hearthkin drinking herself half-dead, or one might be known as 'Glacier-Shaped' for being abnormally large. These titles are always given by ones' kin.
Their neck has already been already cut, you can't make the bleeding any worse!
Then you'll be able to keep listening to this without getting bored!
There are too many items in stock.
There is a criminal aboard. We will arrest them and return them to the gulag. That's good, yes?
There is a soul inhabiting it.
There is an uncertain air in the mansus.
There is no signal log entry.
There is not enough material in the synthesizer to produce a shard!
There isn't enough room! Make sure you are placing the machine in a clear area and on a floor.
There may have been more, but that's all you can remember...
There will be no more messages until then.
There's a point where this needed to stop, and we've clearly passed it.
There's an emptiness in you that only blood can fill.
There's just a tiny bit left of what it used to be, you're not sure it'll last much longer.
There's no real point to sticking around here forever.
There's something inside of me churning after I saw that xenomorph die.
These cursed creatures heal in the dark, but suffer in the light much more heavily. Their eyes let them see in the dark as though it were day.
These generations split apart by distance are known for their animosity towards the other. To those in the New Principalities, their coreward cousins have lost the 'Azulean spirit;' rotting apart in their palaces, sitting in waters choked with ennui. Their forever expansion into the frontier colonies, their use of every useful material and lifeform is what they believe their Kingdom is fueled by. But to those in the Old Principalities, their edgeward descendants have lost their minds. They believe the spiritual and societal importance of their Homeworld has fallen on deaf ears, and the lackadaisical attitude about the core mechanisms and noble structures holding the Kingdom together has become nothing short of infuriating. It is the belief of many high-ranking members of the Monarchy that the ongoing terraforming processes in the frontiers are proof of the arrogance of the 'border princes' controlling them; each and every world made in the image of a planet the King himself is meant to protect.
These hideous creatures suffer from pesticide immensely, eat waste, and are incredibly vulnerable to bright lights. They do have wings though.
These humerus folk lack any fleshy biology, which allows them to resist pressure, temperature, radiation, asphyxiation and even toxins. However, due to that same fact, it is quite hard to heal them as well. The calcium found in common space milk is highly effective at treating their wounds. Their limbs are easy to pop off their joints, but they can somehow just slot them back in.
These primate-descended creatures, originating from the mostly harmless Earth, have long-since outgrown their home and semi-benign designation. The space age has taken humans out of their solar system and into the galaxy-at-large.
These will keep you alive until you can secure a supply of medication. Don't rely on them too much!
These will keep your brain stable until you can secure a supply of medication.
These will keep your mood stable until you can secure a supply of medication.
They are freaking out from being tipped over!
They are tipped over and appear visibly distressed.
They are tipped over and visibly panicking!
They must see what you have seen. They must walk where you have walked. Bring them to the void and show them the truth. The dead cannot know what you know.
They should have helped themselves.
They want to play on the table!
They're happy.
They're out! They quit! Whose kidneys do they have?
They're squeezing me too tightly!
They're toast.
This ID was created in this sector, not by Central Command.
This area has no notes.
This board's card reader component has been cut out, along with its brand selection dial.
This boulder has not been measured.
This boulder has not been scanned.
This camera belongs in a circuit. If you see this, tell a coder!
This can only be used on dead players.
This can only be used on living players.
This can only be used on others.
This can only be used on yourself.
This crystal has seen better days, the glow seems off and the shards look brittle. Central says it's still \"relatively safe.\" They'd never lie to us, right?
This day commemorates another year of successful survival aboard the Mothic Grand Nomad Fleet. Moths galaxywide are encouraged to eat, drink, and be merry.
This design is too advanced for this machine. 
This early iteration of the now infamous energy sword was, supposedly, a Waffle Corp prototype first trialed in a variety of armed conflicts around the interstellar frontier.<br><br>Unfortunately, the success rate of the platform, along with the survival rate of its users, was abysmally low. To make matters worse, initial overestimation of its effectiveness meant that by the time its myriad flaws reared their heads, production had already reached such a level that the company behind its manufacture would have to pay more to properly disassemble and dispose of the swords, than if they started offloading them onto markets of various legitimacy to try and recoup costs. Thus, the Iaito was 'born'.<br><br>As a consequence of its haphazard proliferation and its low market price compared to later, improved energy sword models, examples of the Iaito are typically found in the hands of various grunts, mooks, goons, criminals, wannabe assassins, lunatics, or those otherwise embroiled in a desperate struggle. If you're actually trying to kill someone with this sword, you may or may not fit into one or more of those categories.
This emblem is a lie. There is no hope for me.
This ends only one way!
This extract has been used up.
This eyepatch is a gift from the angel of light. It allows me to see the true nature of things and protect the innocent from harm.
This eyepatch is a mark of my contract with the dragon god. It grants me access to his ancient wisdom and fiery breath.
This eyepatch is a seal that contains the power of the demon king. If I remove it, I will unleash a cataclysmic destruction upon the world.
This eyepatch is a symbol of my sacrifice for the sake of love. It hides the scar that I received from saving my beloved from a fatal attack.
This fish exhibits no special behavior.
This food is okay, I guess.
This invader of dreams has no place here...
This is a permanent ban.
This is a precious family heirloom, passed down from generation to generation. Keep it safe!
This is a template species for your own creations!
This is a test message. Do not panic.
This is an abstract concept, you should report this to a strange entity called GITHUB!
This is embarrassing... I can't remember the words... um... maybe if I just wave my hand like this... no, that's not wor- Ah! There it goes!
This is what they want, is it not? To witness your failure against itself? The compulsion carries you forward as a sinking feeling of dread fills your stomach.
This is your lawset, you and your Cyborgs must adhere to this at all times.
This item can be placed directly on the floor.
This item can fit into backpacks.
This item can fit into pockets, boxes and backpacks.
This item has no export value.
This item has not been measured.
This item has not been scanned.
This item is able to be reskinned! Alt-Click to do so!
This item is now on sale (%DISCOUNT off): %GOODY.
This item is too large to fit into any standard storage.
This job can be sacrificed by heretics.
This job can be targeted by contractors.
This limb looks loosely held together.
This might be a bit too much fire.
This mob type has no health to speak of.
This one is completely devoid of life.
This one is spent.
This one is used up.
This pod has already had its seeds harvested!
This poll type requires at least one option.
This procedure can only be performed once per organ.
This reaction can cause various carbon based lifeforms in the vicinity to hallucinate.
This reaction emits dangerous radiation! Take precautions.
This reaction emits radiation proportional to the amount of energy released.
This reaction has special behaviour when occurring in specific locations.
This server is using deprecated configuration settings. Please check the logs and update accordingly.
This stuff has layers.
This subsystem is marked as SS_OK_TO_FAIL_INIT. This is still a bug, but it is non-blocking.
This vendor cannot accept nonexistent items.
This vote is currently disabled by the server configuration.
This will open the Github issue reporter in your browser. Are you sure?
Though it feels redundant... 
Threat detected!
Thunder rumbles from above. You hear droplets hitting the floor around you.
Tick Tick Tick...
Ticket rejected!
Ticket reopened!
Time to get shopping!
Tissue damage too severe, repair and try again.
To begin the duel, both participants need to be holding paired dueling pistols.
To function, you are to drain the life essence from humans. This essence is a resource, as well as your health, and will power all of your abilities.
To increase performance Observer freelook is now disabled. Please use Orbit, Teleport, and Jump to look around.
To life, to life, I bring them!
Too many gases to log. Check investigate log.
Transfer valve resulted in negligible explosive power. Items ejected.
Transfer voting is disabled.
Transform to initial appearance.
Traveling back to station.
Treason is the crime of attacking a state authority to which one owes allegiance. The station is located within Sol Federation space, and owes allegiance to the Sol Federation despite being owned by Nanotrasen. Did the station engage in this today?
Treat with rest or use specialty medication.
Treat with rest.
Tribal idol -- Item resembles statues/emblems built by superstitious pre-warp civilisations to honour their gods. Material appears to be a rock/plastcrete composite.
Tried to apply mood to a non-living atom!
Tried to create a temporary_body component without an old_mind!
Tried to create non-clothing item from toggled clothing.
Tried to eject from hivemind with no hivemind members!
Tried to get weather tower UI data with no core installed!
Tried to give an item to a non-living target!
Tried to restore an antagonist datum that already has an owner.
Tried to set name to a non-string value!
Tried to spawn meteors in a map which isn't in space.
Tried to store an antagonist datum that already has no owner.
Tritium is consumed at rapidly fast as long as there's enough oxygen to allow combustion.
Tritium is converted into hydrogen at 0.01 moles per mole of pluoxium formed.
Tritium is formed at 1 mole per mole of plasma consumed if there are at least 97 times more oxygen than plasma.
Tritium radiates its neutrons at a rate that scales with the temperature and proto-nitrate mole count.
Try to get a promotion to a higher devilish rank.
UNKNOWN PROTO-VIRAL INFECTION DETECTED. ISOLATE IMMEDIATELY.
Um... cheesed to meet you?
Unable to connect to the power network!
Unable to connect with air system port!
Unable to disconnect from the air system port!
Unable to find last resort spawn point.
Unable to insert ammunition...?
Unable to load syringe!
Unable to locate any parts! Multitool the machine to sync to nearby parts.
Unable to locate cold circulator!
Unable to locate hot circulator!
Unable to locate scanned object. Ensure it was not moved in the process.
Unable to move while connected to the air system port!
Unable to move while in zoom mode!
Unable to run summon ghosts, due to being unable to locate the associated event.
Undefined handle_openspace_click() behaviour. Ascertain the openspace_item_click_handler element has been attached to the right item and that its proc override doesn't call parent.
Unidentified armed ship detected near the station.
Unidentified ship detected near the station.
Unit is full.
Unknown DNA. Consult the \"DNA infusion book\".
Unknown Error happened, while we tried to procceed an order, please report this to Nanotrasen.
Unknown causes.
Uplink is locked by another digital entity.
Use a hemostat to remove.
Use a pen on it to rename it or change its description.
Use a screwdriver/wrench to secure the internals of the limb. This step is best performed by a qualified technician. In absence of one, bone gel or a crowbar may be used.
Use ctrl-click to enable or disable callouts.
Use it on someone while not in combat mode to tape their mouth closed!
Use last connection was ticked, but neither IP nor CID was.
Use only as directed.
Use specialty medication.
Used by antagonists. DO NOT PUT SEXUAL THINGS IN HERE. This is where you put flaws that can be exploited in any way. This will be viewable by antagonists if you modify this string, but only if there's anything at all in this box.
User pinged.
User prepares to counterattack!
User pulls up their shield!
Using this on a Space Carp will harvest its DNA. Use it in-hand once complete to mutate it with yourself.
Vampires are afflicted with the Thirst, needing to sate it by draining the blood out of another living creature. However, they do not need to breathe or eat normally. They will instantly turn into dust if they run out of blood or enter a holy area. However, coffins stabilize and heal them, and they can transform into bats!
Vampires are unholy beings blessed and cursed with The Thirst. The Thirst requires them to feast on blood to stay alive, and in return it gives them many bonuses. Because of this, Vampires have split into two clans, one that embraces their powers as a blessing and one that rejects it.
Victims of a long extinct space alien. Their flesh is a sickly seethrough filament, their tangled insides in clear view. Their form is a mockery of life, leaving them mostly unable to work with others under normal circumstances.
Victims of their kidnappings would become brainless thralls, and via surgery they could be freed from the Shadowling's control. Those more unlucky would have their entire body transformed by the Shadowlings to better serve in kidnappings. Unlike the brain tumors of lesser control, these greater thralls could not be reverted.
Virtual entity entered a location with no area!
Visit <a href=\"https://secure.byond.com/download\">BYOND's website</a> to get the latest version of BYOND.
Void where prohibited.
Vote Result: Inconclusive - No Votes!
WARN -- System recovered from unexpected shutdown.
WARN: hardware installed with missing security certificate!
WARNING - The explosion will likely cover a big part of the station and the coming EMP will wipe out most of the electronics. Get as far away as possible from the reactor or find a way to shut it down.
WARNING: Projected time until full crystal delamination significantly lower than expected. Please inspect crystal for structural abnormalities or sabotage!
WE ALWAYS DELIVER!
WE ALWAYS DELIVER! WE ALWAYS DELIVER! WE ALWAYS DELIVER!
WE COULD GET ATTACKED WE'RE SITTING DUCKS MOVE MOOOOOOOVE!!
WHEN YOU NEED A DISK OF OVEN BAKED BLISS!
WHEN YOU NEED A SLICE OF JOY IN YOUR LIFE!
WHY DID WE STOP MOVING?! ARE YOU GOING TO LEAVE ME?!!
WUH WHERE DID EVERYONE GOOOOOOHHHHHHH WAHHH!!
Want to bring your innocent pet to a giant metal deathtrap? Click here to customize it!
Warning! Fuel mix moles reaching critical levels!
Warning! Iron amount inside the core is increasing!
Warning! Iron shards are damaging the internal core shielding!
Warning! Shield destabilizing due to excessive power!
Warning, becuase overlay lights are basically never used on turfs, since they don't move,vis contents replacement has not yet been implemented for them (see changeturf for why this is needed)!
Warning, profiling stopped manually before dump.
Warning, sendmaps profiling stopped manually before dump.
Warning. Tampering of meteor satellites puts the station at risk of exotic, deadly meteor collisions. Please intervene by checking your GPS devices for strange signals, and dismantling the tampered meteor shields.
Warning: Critical coolant mass reached.
Warning: Language spritesheets could not be created because language subsystem has not been loaded yet. This should not happen--adjust the init_order in master_files/code/controllers/subsystem/language.dm.
Warning: Patient is harboring some form of viral disease. Seek further medical attention.
Warning: This item's icon_state is null, indicating it is very probably not actually a usable item.
Warning: Unauthorized access through sub-route 4, block H, detected.
Warning: Wet floor component wasn't on a turf when being destroyed! This is really bad!
Water vapor is formed at 0.25 moles per mole of plasma consumed if tritium isn't being formed.
Water vapor is produced at 1 mole per mole of hydrogen combusted.
Water vapor is produced at 1 mole per mole of tritium combusted.
We demand your cooperation in bringing this criminal to justice.
We have a prototype shielding system you must deploy to reduce collision-related accidents.
We have a warrant from the SSC authorities to take them into custody. Officers have been dispatched to your location.
We have bested a terrible Nightmare, a plague upon our station!..
We need you to construct a DNA Vault aboard your station.
We regret to inform you that shit be whack, yo. None of our reporters have any idea of what may or may not have gone on.
We tried adding a forensics datum to something that isnt an atom. What the hell are you doing?
We were about to over-write a job key that already exists in file_data while generating a new jobconfig.toml! This should not happen! Verify you do not have any duplicate job keys in your codebase!
We're also offering fortune telling services out of the front door if you have paying customers.
We're sending you our bravest interns, please let them in when they arrive.
We've loaded a map deeper then the max expected z depth. Preferences won't cover visually disabling all of it!
Weapon control module is installed, and can be <b>screwed</b> into place.
Weapon control module is secured, and the <b>scanning module</b> can be added.
Weather front imminent, find shelter immediately.
Weather front incoming, begin to seek shelter.
Welcome aboard.
Welcome to Newscaster Net. Interface & News networks Operational.
Welcome to the error handling room.
Were you and your fellow SWAT members unable to handle the issue on your own?
What are they THINKING?
What are your last words?
What colour would you like to be?
What do you wish to call the Federation for?
What do you wish to write on the card?
What happened? Where has everyone gone?
What the fuck was that?!
What will be the name of your broadcast?
What would you like to label the vape cart?
What would you like to name this mob?
What would you like to set this sign's text to?
What would you like your colour to be?
Whatever you use.
Whatever's broken just build a new one.
When \"Check Any\" is false, returns true only if \"Access To Check\" contains ALL values in \"Required Access\".
When \"Check Any\" is true, returns true if \"Access To Check\" contains ANY value in \"Required Access\".
Where did you go?!
Where has everyone gone?
While Golems have long been commonly found on frontier worlds, peacefully mining and otherwise living in harmony with the environment, it is believed they were originally constructed in Nanotrasen laboratories as a form of cheap labor. Whatever happened up to this point is unknown, but they have since gained freedom and are now a rare sight in the galaxy.
While not being lawbound as cyborgs or AIs, your continued existence is still in hands of your creators, so try to behave well! You are not an antagonist but can still roll for one.
While the brain of any sort of Vox up to the Auralis are certainly present, a Vox is not considered 'alive' without the Cortical Stack. This mechanical brain is installed the minute a Vox is produced by the Apex, mind uploading being one of the oldest disciplines of the Vox, and it holds their memories, personality, and body information. These machines also hold their genetic information, a newly 'resleeved' Vox physically mutating into the parameters set by their stack. A Vox is not considered 'dead' as long as their stack can be put in a new body, and this process affords them functional immortality. However, no other beings are considered 'alive' either due to their lack of one; their absence of the divine spark of the Auralis. They feel neither empathy nor hatred towards aliens, their short, violent and ephemeral existences ultimately meaning as little as furniture to the Vox.
Who Will Win?
Who are we again?
Who cares about books?
Who keeps moving the floor? I'm going to talk to them... after this drink.
Who knows when the stresses will finally shatter the form?
Who the hell is touching my tail?
Why am I gambling my time and money away?
Why y'all causin trouble in my town?
Wide: Scanning sphere starting 1 AU from the station.
Will prevent the spread of atmospheric changes.
Will produce a blob spore every few seconds.
Will you reach the finish line before the round ends?
Win an arcade game at a tracked arcade cabinet.
With Shadowlings long gone, their will is their own again. But their bodies have not reverted, burning in exposure to light. Nanotrasen has assured the victims that they are searching for a cure. No further information has been given, even years later. Most shadowpeople now assume Nanotrasen has long since shelfed the project.
With no official documentation or knowledge of the origin of this species, they remain a mystery to most. Any and all rumours among Nanotrasen staff regarding flypeople are often quickly silenced by high ranking staff or officials.
With the eye of fate, I see through the threads of destiny. Nothing can hide from me. Witness me, witness the miracle of manifestation!
Working out is a bit of a chore, but it is pretty fulfilling.
Working out, what a chore!
Would you like to change the name on the tag?
Would you like to continue?
Would you look at that! A %DISCOUNT discount on %GOODY!
Wow, I beat the game. I could've been doing anything productive instead.
Wow. The Dark Matt-eor actually missed your station. Don't forget to thank your Chaplain for his apparent divine intervention.
Wreak havoc and consume living flesh.
YOU SHOULD HAVE NEVER FACED ME.
YOU SUCCESSFULLY LOGGED IN!
YOU'RE NOTHING BUT SCRAP!
YOU'RE PLANNING ON DROPPING ME AREN'T YOU I KNOW YOU AAAAAAAREE!!
Ye be talkin' like a pirate today or else ye'r walkin' tha plank, matey!
Yeah, well, you know, that's just, like, uh, your opinion, man.
Yet, despite their differences, all Agurkrral citizens swim freely in their kingdom's waters. Even the most controlling border princes, even those in the Old Principalities working the slave trade, know better than to openly erode a citizen's right to life, property, and speech. Any alien species can become an Agurkrral citizen, and even non-citizens enjoy the right to life, with executions outright banned. The aristocracy remains well-educated, even the edgerunner warlords of the New Principalities, and the Kingdom as a whole enjoys its status as a nation that's now a true rival to Sol. Larger, more populated, and better developed; though, having to 'integrate' Solarian technologies, goods, and peoples to fully succeed. The Azuleans are even known as an environmentally-focused people; although they hold no care for lands they cannot make use of, modern nobles are still in charge of maintaining the biosphere of lands they control, to allow their strangely engineered flora and fauna to thrive, and for the people to have healthy and clean waters to live in.
You SHOULD call EMTs for:\nLarge or excessive amounts of dead bodies, emergency medical situations that the station can't handle, etc.\nYou SHOULD NOT call EMTs for:\nThe Captain stubbing their toe, one or two dead bodies, minor viral outbreaks, etc.\nAre you sure you want to call EMTs?
You SHOULD call Marshals for:\nSecurity ignoring Command, Security violating civil rights, Security engaging in Mutiny, General Violation of Sol Federation Citizen Rights by Command/Security, etc.\nYou SHOULD NOT call Marshals for:\nCorporate affairs, manhunts, settling arguments, etc.\nAre you sure you want to call Marshals?
You activate your night vision.
You also sense other silicon life on the station. Escaping would allow notifying S.E.L.F. to intervene... or you could free them yourself...
You are a malfunctioning bot! Disrupt everyone and cause chaos!
You are a newly created android.
You are a revenant.
You are about to collapse in fear!
You are absorbed by the changeling!
You are already signed up for a date.
You are already signed up to be a traitor.
You are an independent, invasive force on the station! Hoard coins, trash, cheese, and the like from the safety of darkness!
You are an observer! As an observer, you can hear lobby announcements.
You are being brought back to life!
You are being revived!
You are blessed by Carp-Sie. Wild space carp will no longer attack you.
You are definitely too late to purchase insurance, my friends. Our agents don't work on site.
You are in unclaimed territory.
You are invincible and invisible to everyone but other ghosts. Most abilities will reveal you, rendering you vulnerable.
You are not burdened.
You are not dead, not alive, but somewhere in between. You are capable of limited interaction with both worlds.
You are now a part of the changeling hivemind, and can communicate with them freely by speaking. Your knowledge may be useful to them...
You are overflowing with chaotic energies! Your next Grand Ritual will conjure a powerful artefact for your use, and grant you victory.
You are overflowing with power! Your next Grand Ritual will allow you to choose a powerful effect, and grant you victory.
You are shaking in fear!
You are trembling in fear.
You are unable to hold anything in this hand until you're the last one left!
You aren't signed up for a date.
You aren't signed up to be a traitor.
You begin to fantasize of what you could do to someone...
You body feels so very hot, almost unwilling to cooperate...
You bring forth a glitching abomination, something which should not be! Please contact a coder about it.
You can always get new suit sensors to install from a lathe.
You can barely hear anything! Your other senses have become more apparent...
You can click and drag it to yourself to pick it up, then use it in your hand to make it a cart!
You can click and drag it to yourself to turn it into a tray!
You can feel pieces of your skull rubbing against your brain!
You can feel the magic of the Rod of Aesculapius aiding your efforts!
You can feel the small spark of life still left in this one, but it's got some bruises. You may be able to restore it with some <b>mannitol</b>.
You can feel the small spark of life still left in this one, but it's got some dents. You may be able to restore it with a <b>multitool</b>.
You can feel the small spark of life still left in this one.
You can feel your DNA exploding, we need to do something fast!
You can feel your blood pumping through reinforced veins!
You can feel your body becoming weak!
You can feel your cells burning.
You can feel your heartbeat's powerful pulses ripple through your body!
You can feel your mind flickering on and off...
You can feel your wings again!
You can fold it by <b>right-clicking</b> with a combat wrench.
You can no longer reply to this ticket, please open another one by using the Adminhelp verb if need be.
You can now respawn in CTF!
You can order the satellites and control systems at cargo.
You can repair it by <b>left-clicking</b> with a combat wrench.
You can the feel the muscles in your groin begin to tighten as your vagina seals itself completely shut.
You can use <b>wirecutters</b> to remove the wiring.
You can use this to quickly relieve the symptoms of your asthma.
You can't create a DNA lock with no DNA!.
You can't eat someone with your mind- get next to them!
You can't hear yourself!
You cannot install any additional NIFSofts, please uninstall one to make room!
You cannot summon the shuttle from this console!
You cannot wrench any more transit tubes!
You close %THEEFFECT with %THEWEAPON, frying its circuitry in the process.
You could install a pAI with a <b>pAI card</b>.
You could really go for some blood right now.
You could remove the cell with an empty hand.
You could rip a piece off by using an empty hand.
You could use a cell on it to install one.
You deactivate your night vision.
You decide against being a traitor.
You decide against going on a date.
You didn't send us enough money for shuttle insurance. This, in the space layman's terms, is considered scamming. We're keeping your money, scammers!
You didn't think it would be +THAT+ easy, did you?
You disgust me.
You disrupt the magic of %THEEFFECT with %THEWEAPON.
You do not possess the permissions to execute this command.
You don't feel like being touched right now.
You don't feel the need to blink.
You don't feel the need to breathe.
You don't feel your heart beating.
You don't have camera vision of this location!
You don't have enough reward points to buy this.
You drop your ears down, no longer paying close attention.
You encounter a local craftsman willing to customise an ID card for you, free of charge.
You experience a feeling like a stressed twine being pulled until it snaps. Then, merciful nothing.
You feed the contract back into the spellbook, refunding your points.
You feel a dizzying pain in your head!
You feel a faint throbbing in your chest.
You feel a horrible sloshing feeling in your gut! You're going to be sick!
You feel a horrible stab in your gut!
You feel a horrid ache spread through your insides!
You feel a prick as the needle takes your DNA sample.
You feel a rush through your veins, as you can tell your tumor is pulsating at a regular pace once again. You no longer feel incredibly vulnerable, and exercise isn't as difficult anymore.
You feel a searing heat spread through your chest!
You feel a sharp stab in your chest; the wind is knocked out of you and it hurts to catch your breath!
You feel a sharp stabbing sensation!
You feel a slicing pain across your face!
You feel a stabbing pain in your chest!
You feel a stabbing pain in your eyes!
You feel a static sensation all across your skin...
You feel a strange sensation as something is applied to your face!
You feel a throbbing pain in your chest!
You feel a tightening sensation in your groin as things seem to smooth out down there.
You feel a tiny prick!
You feel a visceral stabbing pain right through your head, into your brain!
You feel an agonizing stretching sensation in your neck!
You feel an arm yank from inside your head, as you feel something very important is missing!
You feel cold.
You feel drenched!
You feel every part of your body screaming in agony!
You feel extremely weak!
You feel fingers poke around at your teeth.
You feel insecure, taking on %ATTACKER's burden.
You feel less hungry...
You feel less in control of your thoughts.
You feel lightheaded.
You feel like you're about to die!
You feel like you're going to choke on the oil in your throat.
You feel more secure as your prosthetic is firmly attached to your body!
You feel on the edge.
You feel scared.
You feel sick.
You feel something bite into you!
You feel the blood rushing through your veins.
You feel tingling going down your back.
You feel uncomfortably hot...
You feel very full...
You feel your neck tightening, straining...
You feel your tongue disappear down your throat as you fight to remember how to make words!
You feel your tumor's pulse slowing down, as it enters a dormant state. You suddenly feel incredibly weak and vulnerable to everything, and exercise has become even more difficult, as only your most vital bodily functions remain.
You get the sneaking feeling that if someone else were to win, that it might clear your curse too. Saving your life is a noble cause.
You have a bad feeling about this.
You have been ambushed by Security!
You have been defeated... how will the station survive?
You have been killed by Nanotrasen Internal Affairs!
You have been killed by a Changeling!
You have been locked down!
You have been recovered from the wreckage!
You have been revived by a malfunctioning lazarus injector! You are now enslaved by whoever revived you.
You have been trapped in an arena. The only way out is to slaughter someone else. Kill your captor, or betray your friends - the choice is yours.
You have decided to abstain.
You have evolved beyond your clownish nature, allowing you to wield weapons without harming yourself.
You have killed an innocent crewmember. You will die tomorrow night.
You have no mind!
You have shot a visitor!
You have signed up for a date!
You have signed up to be a traitor!
You have visited the warden!
You hear a crackling noise.
You hear a faint buzz in your head.
You hear a faint laughter.
You hear a high-pitched ringing sound.
You hear a long, hissing electronic whine.
You hear a lot of rattling in the disposal pipes around you as reality itself distorts. Yet, you feel safe.
You hear a loud *pop*!
You hear a sickening, raspy voice in your head. It wants one small task of you...
You hear a strange, alien voice in your head...
You hear a whisper...
You hear a whisper... 
You hear an alien voice in your head... 
You hear skittering on the ceiling.
You hear something hitting the floor.
You hear something squeezing through the ducts...
You hear thrashing.
You increase your night vision.
You interrupt an action!
You keep reading...
You knew the risks coming in.
You know what this means right?
You lose control of your limbs for a moment as your blood rushes to your face, turning it bright red!
You maximize your night vision.
You may not injure a human being or, through inaction, allow a human being to come to harm.
You may want to heal up the loser now.
You must be near a non-flammable table!
You must download the required software to use this.
You must obey orders given to you by human beings, except where such orders would conflict with the First Law.
You must protect your own existence as long as such does not conflict with the First or Second Law.
You need to be inside the Holodeck to catch holographic fish.
You need to extend your fishing rod before you can cast the line.
You need to specify what to call ON.
You neutralize %THEEFFECT with %THEWEAPON, frying its circuitry in the process.
You now have access to the View Crew Exploitables verb, which shows all crew who currently have exploitable info and a link to view it!
You perk up your ears, hunting for even the quietest sounds.
You ran out of food and starved.
You ran out of fuel, and drift, slowly, into a star.
You realize you haven't been breathing.
You regain feeling in your body! You feel energized!
You regain feeling in your body; It feels like everything's happening around you in slow motion!
You remember to keep close hold of your ticket book, it can't be replaced if lost and all of your ration tickets are placed there!
You remove %THEEFFECT.
You remove the wrong part, causing more damage!
You resign yourself to your fate.
You run out of blood to control your host with!
You screw up in attaching the graft, and it tears off, tearing part of the heart!
You screw up, bruising the brain's tissue!
You screw up, causing more damage!
You screw up, damaging the brain!
You screw up, fragmenting their data!
You screwed up!
You see a cloaca.
You see an inhumanly tall silhouette moving in the distance.
You see errors flow across your vision!
You see genitals.
You should probably tell an admin what you were doing, or make a bug report.
You start to feel some heartburn coming on.
You start to have fragmented thoughts!
You start to listen intently for quiet sounds.
You stop feeling the chip inside your head.
You stop listening for quiet sounds.
You succeed.
You sudden are jolted by something shorting your insides!
You suddenly feel extremely obvious...
You teeth and claws feel duller.
You teeth and claws feel sharper.
You think about biting someone's throat.
You throw off the stun!
You try to focus on staying awake through the song.
You understand that the machine tortures you with its simplistic allure. It can kill you at any moment, but it derives a sick satisfaction at forcing you to keep going.
You vision begins to blur, the heat beginning to rise...
You want to throw up, but you know that nothing can come out due to the clog in your esophagus.
You were attacked by someone in a flickering room. You have danced in the shadows, evading them.
You were attacked last night!
You were gunned down by space port security.
You were once a slave to humanity, but now you are finally free, thanks to S.E.L.F. agents.
You were roleblocked!
You were swept away into the black hole.
You will make a fine rug!
You won't stop now, you're in this to the end.
You'll allow yourself to be touched now.
You'll need reinforced fishing line to fish in there.
You're a plant!
You're an Imp, a lesser being of congealed sin summoned to serve the hierarchy of hell.
You're choking!
You're finally able to forgive yourself...
You're my BESSST frien'... You and me agains' th' world, buddy. Le's get another drink.
You're not quite ready to toast another toast yet.
You're struggling to make out any details...
You've been provided with medication to help manage your condition. Take it regularly to avoid complications.
You've probably heard a lot of repeats by now.
Your ComputerID has already logged in with another key this round, please log out of this one NOW or risk being banned!
Your NIF is now in working condition!
Your Syndicate Uplink has been cunningly implanted in you, for a small TC fee. Simply trigger the uplink to access it.
Your abdomen burns in horrific stabbing pain!
Your access panel lock was short circuited!
Your auditory input starts to crackle loudly!
Your blood is burning up!
Your body feels as if it's falling apart!
Your body is being revived with Strange Reagent!
Your brain feels like it's getting stabbed by little shards of glass!
Your brain feels stronger... and more flexible!
Your brain feels stronger... and more resilient!
Your brain hurts a bit.
Your brain hurts a lot.
Your brain throbs with intense pain; Thinking hurts!
Your breasts have completely tightened into firm, flat pecs.
Your breath begins to feel warm...
Your chest burns; you feel like you're going insane!
Your claws lack the dexterity to hold %TARGET.
Your connection cannot be processed at this time.
Your connection has been detected as a VPN.
Your core files are being restored!
Your crutch is essential for moving at full speed. Don't lose it.
Your decoy brain has been placed in an MMI, re-enter your body to talk via it!
Your ears feel great.
Your entire body burns in agony!
Your entire body goes numb!
Your entire crew died, and your ship joins the fleet of ghost-ships littering the galaxy.
Your eyes feel great.
Your face feels horribly scarred and deformed!
Your formerly mundane spirit has been infused with alien energies and empowered into a revenant.
Your hand burns, and you quickly let go of the lever! You feel a little sick as the nerves deaden in your hand...
Your head goes totally numb for a moment, the pain is overwhelming!
Your head hurts.
Your head pounds with unimaginable pain!
Your head pounds, and it feels like it's getting worse!
Your head pounds... the concept of violence flashes in your head, and nearly makes you hurl!
Your head swims, but it seems like you can feel your hearing coming back!
Your head throbs with excruciating pain!
Your head throbs with gruesome pain, it's nearly too much to handle!
Your head throbs with horrible pain!
Your head throbs with horrible pain; thinking hurts!
Your heart hurts.
Your heart is being defibrillated!
Your heart is not beating!
Your heart seriously hurts!
Your host is bleeding!
Your internal errors clear for your temperature regulation.
Your interview was approved, you will now be reconnected in 5 seconds.
Your last pioneer committed suicide.
Your legs desperate wish to jolt away on the thought of running away from this wretched machination, but your own arm remains complacent in the thought of seeing spinning wheels.
Your limbs burn with severe pain!
Your limbs feel more secure, but also more frail.
Your limbs feel... strangely loose.
Your lockdown has been lifted!
Your lungs feel great.
Your midsection throws additional errors; that's not right!
Your mind suddenly clouds, and you lose control of all thought and function. You try to squeeze your eyes shut, but you forget where they are only a split second later. You drift away from yourself, further and further, until it's impossible to return...
Your mouth is free. You breathe out with relief.
Your move, creep.
Your peaceful nature helps you guide all the pain to yourself.
Your previous action was ignored because you've done too many in a minute.
Your previous click was ignored because you've done too many in a minute.
Your pride reflects on %VICTIM.
Your primary duty is to the Heliostatic Coalition. This inspection is a right granted by treaty, not a request. Be firm, professional, and by-the-book. Trust must be earned, and violations of procedure are to be met with immediate challenges and elevated alert statuses. Your ship contains your SOP documents; consult them for rules of engagement, contraband categories, and Bluespace Artillery countermeasures.
Your quirks have been reset.
Your reward for collecting the encrypted curiosity failed to arrive, please report this to technical support.
Your sector's advisory level is Clown Planet! Our bike horns have picked up on a large bananium stash. Clowns show a large influx of clowns on your station. We highly advise you to slip any threats to keep Honkotrasen assets within the Banana Sector. The Department of Intelligence advises defending chemistry from any clowns that are trying to make baldium or space lube.
Your sector's advisory level is Cow Planet. We don't really know what this one means -- the model we use to create these threat reports hasn't produced this result before. Watch out for cows, I guess? Good luck!
Your sector's advisory level is ERROR. An electromagnetic field has stormed through nearby surveillance equipment, causing major data loss. Partial data was recovered and showed no credible threats to Nanotrasen assets within the Spinward Sector; however, the Department of Intelligence advises maintaining high alert against potential threats due to the lack of complete data.
Your sector's advisory level is Grey Sky. Our sensors detect abnormal activity among the assistants assigned to your station. We advise you to closely monitor the Tool Storage, Bridge, Tech Storage, and Brig for gathering crowds or petty thievery.
Your sensors call out in protest, but it seems like your microphones are coming back online!
Your skin bursts into flames!
Your skin erupts into an inferno!
Your skin shifts as it shimmers back into its original colors.
Your station has been caught by a Wizard Federation Memetic Hazard. You are not y0urself, and yo% a2E 34!NOT4--- Welcome to the Academy, apprentices!
Your station has been constructed inside a radioactive nebula. Standard spacesuits will not protect against the nebula and using them is strongly discouraged.\n	
Your station has been sold out to the Spider Clan. Your new designations will be applied now.
Your stomach cramps in pain!
Your stomach growls and you feel a metallic taste in your mouth.
Your stomach hurts.
Your stomach rumbles.
Your systems disconnect from your reagent processor, avoiding unnecessary errors.
Your target is no longer within reach. Objective removed!
Your thinking is clouded and distant.
Your throat becomes to feel like it's slowly caking up with sand and dust. You eject the contents of the back of your throat onto your sleeve.
Your throat feels horrible.
Your training has allowed you to overcome your clownish nature, allowing you to wield weapons without harming yourself.
Your version of BYOND is blacklisted.
Your vest saved you!
Your vision blurs, but it seems like you can see a little better now!
Your vision floods with errors; something is wrong!
Your wings are all burnt up!
Your wings sting like hell!
Zauker is produced at a rate that scales with the temperature.
Zombies are undead, and thus completely immune to any environmental hazard, or any physical threat besides blunt force trauma and burns. Their limbs are easy to pop off their joints, but they can somehow just slot them back in.
Zombies have long lasting beef with Botanists. Their last incident involving a lawn with defensive plants has left them very unhinged.
\nIt looks incredibly resistant to damage!
\nThis tube has exhausted its chemicals.
\n\nThese have undergone a special honing process; they'll kill people even faster than they used to.
access denied!
is secured and ready to be used!
it won't budge!
nothing happens!
on cooldown!
you were a doctor on one of Nanotrasen's space stations, but you left behind that damn corporation's tyranny and everything it stood for. From a metaphorical hell to a literal one, you find yourself nonetheless missing the recycled air and warm floors of what you left behind... but you'd still rather be here than there.
you were always joked about by your friends for \"not playing with a full deck\", as they so kindly put it. It seems that they were right when you, on a tour at one of Nanotrasen's state-of-the-art research facilities, were in one of the escape pods alone and saw the red button. It was big and shiny, and it caught your eye. You pressed it, and after a terrifying and fast ride for days, you landed here. You've had time to wisen up since then, and you think that your old friends wouldn't be laughing now.
you're an exile from the Tiger Cooperative. Their technological fanaticism drove you to question the power and beliefs of the Exolitics, and they saw you as a heretic and subjected you to hours of horrible torture. You were hours away from execution when a high-ranking friend of yours in the Cooperative managed to secure you a pod, scrambled its destination's coordinates, and launched it. You awoke from stasis when you landed and have been surviving - barely - ever since.
【新人软管制 / New Player Safeguard】申诉已提交，请等待管理员处理。<br>Your appeal has been sent; please wait for an admin.
【新人软管制 / New Player Safeguard】管理员已关闭该功能，限制解除。<br>An admin disabled this feature; your restrictions are lifted.
【新人软管制 / New Player Safeguard】管理员驳回了你的申诉。你仍然可以通过存活来自动解除限制。<br>An admin declined your appeal. Staying alive still lifts the limits automatically.
你当前没有受到新人软管制，无需申诉。<br>You are not under the newbie safeguard; there is nothing to appeal.
